"Unknown cartel gunmen operating in a known drug smuggling corridor in Southern Arizona fired multiple shots at an   U. S. Border Patrol agent overnight. [Breitbart Texas has been able to confirm that the shots struck the agent’s vehicle. The federal law enforcement officer was not struck by the gunfire.  UPDATE  —   8 p. m. MST: U. S. Customs and Border Protection officials provided the following update: An agent assigned to a mobile surveillance unit near Hereford Road heard several shots fired and observed two unknown individuals with a rifle at a distance. An unoccupied Border Patrol vehicle next to the surveillance unit was struck by bullets. The agent was not injured and did not return fire. Multiple Customs and Border Protection (CBP) agents and law enforcement responded to the area in an effort to locate the suspects. The suspects fled the area on foot and have not been located. The agent was patrolling the area near the Brian Terry station in southern Arizona when unknown gunmen began firing. Cochise County Sheriff’s deputies and other Border Patrol agents arrived to the scene to carry out a manhunt for the suspected cartel gunmnen. Arizona local law enforcement officials confirmed they were not able to apprehend the cartel gunmen but continue investigating the attack. The Brian Terry station honors the name of a U. S. Border Patrol agent who was killed in a gun battle trying to apprehend a group of Mexican cartel gunmen who had been trying to steal a drug load from a rival smuggling group. Border Patrol agents are the most assaulted federal law enforcement officers, Border Patrol  Commissioner Mark Morgan aid in testimony before the U. S. Senate Homeland Security Committee in November. Nearly 150 Border Patrol agents were assaulted during the first two months of fiscal year 2017 which began in October, Breitbart Texas reported. This represents an increase of more than 230 percent over the same period of time in the prior year. Nearly 7, 500 Border Patrol agents have been assaulted since 2009 tU. S. Customs and Border Protection officials reported. “It’s a dangerous job,” Morgan stated. Ildefonso Ortiz is an award winning journalist with Breitbart Texas. He   the Cartel Chronicles project with Brandon Darby and Stephen K. Bannon.  You can follow him on Twitter and on Facebook. Brandon Darby is managing director and    of Breitbart Texas. He   the Cartel Chronicles project with Ildefonso Ortiz and Stephen K. Bannon. Follow him on Twitter and Facebook."
"Paris City Hall announced Thursday an   tall bulletproof glass wall will shield the iconic   Eiffel Tower from terrorist threats. [Coming just six days after a lone knife attacker rushed soldiers protecting the Louvre Palace museum, the new permanent wall will replace a temporary structure put in place in Summer 2016. Speaking in Paris Thursday morning, Bernard Gaudillères, president of the organisation that operates the tower, said the “bulletproof wall will encompass most of the gardens of the Eiffel Tower” reports Le Figaro.  Mr. Gaudillères said because the wall will be made of bulletproof glass, it will still allow views of the Tower from the street. The new wall will prevent tourists and, it is hoped,   terrorists from approaching from any direction. Now instead of walking to the monument from the street, visitors will be forced to enter through security checkpoints through the gardens. Despite this change, Paris has said access to the gardens and square underneath the tower will remain free of charge. The decision to use glass, which will cost Paris some €20 million (£17 million) will prevent the tower from taking on the appearance of a “fortress” and won’t “distort the architectural aspects of the surroundings” reports Le Parisien. This development comes as Paris struggles to recover the flagging tourist trade in the city, which has been driven away by fear of terrorism and surging crime. Breitbart London reported in January how Chinese tour operators are seeing a slump in bookings in France, with wealthy travellers instead opting for safer destinations like Italy, Spain, and Russia.   Zhou, spokesman for a major Chinese travel firm, explained the attitude shift away from France, saying: “For a number of Chinese tourists, the dream of visiting France and Paris has turned into a nightmare. “[Chinese tourists] are robbed in the palace of Versailles, at the foot of the Eiffel Tower, in front of their hotel, as they leave the coaches   …     In high season, not a day goes by without tourists being assaulted”. The Chinese   who has lived in Paris for 20 years said he had watched the city become the   in Europe for “the upsurge in delinquency”."
"Apple, Google, Microsoft, Netflix, Spotify, and Uber are missing from a group of 58 tech companies now signed onto an amicus brief protesting President Donald Trump’s travel delay executive order on immigration. [Lyft, Airbnb, and Dropbox are among the 58 companies that have filed an amicus brief in support of the Hawaii lawsuit challenging Trump’s revised travel order, according to the Verge. That’s down from 97 tech companies that signed onto an amicus brief last month to challenge Trump’s original executive order restricting travel from seven countries that had been determined under the Obama Administration as harbors of terrorism.  On March 6, President Trump signed a revised executive order entitled, “Protecting The Nation From Foreign Terrorist Entry Into The United States. ” The order replaced a prior order signed in late January which had been halted in the court system by way of a temporary restraining order. The revised order temporarily restricted travel from a reduced six countries. Last Wednesday a ruling from U. S. District Court Judge Derrick K. Watson in Hawaii halted implementation of the new order, according to NPR. Watson claimed that the state of Hawaii was  likely to succeed in its challenge of the order based on claims of religious discrimination and injury to businesses, universities, and tourism in the state. The state argued that imam Ismail Elshikh’s    in Syria would be barred from entering the U. S. The    has not visited the U. S. in 12 years, according to Byron York’s column in the Washington Examiner. “Since the dawn of the digital age and the proliferation of the Internet, the amici technology companies and thousands of other businesses throughout the American economy have prospered and grown through the hard work, innovation, and genius of immigrants and refugees,” begins the Background section of the brief. The brief goes on to state, “Never in modern American history has that infusion of talent and passion and creativity been stanched, as it is vital to the lifeblood of our economy. Never, until now. ” The Hawaii ruling was followed within hours by a court ruling in Maryland against the EO. The Justice Department has already stated that it will challenge the Maryland ruling, according to CNBC. Presidents Barack Obama, Jimmy Carter, and Ronald Reagan each used the federal powers granted the President to control immigration in certain instances. Follow Michelle Moons on Twitter @MichelleDiana "
"On Saturday, in the wake of the failure of House Speaker Paul Ryan’s American Health Care Act (AHCA) President Trump tweeted, “ObamaCare will explode and we will all get together and piece together a great healthcare plan for THE PEOPLE.  Do not worry! ”[Okay, so let’s take a closer look at the President’s message.  He made two points: First, Obamacare will “explode” because of excess costs and second, that his administration will yet find a way to develop “a great healthcare plan” that’s presumably a good deal different from what we’re seeing now.     So let’s look at each point in turn in this installment, we’ll look at the “explode” question, and in next installment, we’ll examine possible alternatives.   Will Obamacare, as Trump says, “explode”?  It is true that costs in some places are spiraling, even as coverage is shrinking.  As the President said in his February 28 address to Congress: Obamacare premiums nationwide have increased by double and triple digits. As an example, Arizona went up 116 percent last year alone. Governor Matt Bevin of Kentucky just said Obamacare is failing in his state, the state of Kentucky, and it’s unsustainable and collapsing.  However, these troubles are not evident everywhere.   As The New York Times rushed to report, Arizona was the outlier nationwide, the increase in the benchmark plan was “only” 22 percent.  That is, a   increase, not  .    Either way, to be sure, they are big increases.  And thus the Democrats suffer from continuing vulnerability on the Obamacare issue.  That is, they and their program have failed completely to uphold Barack Obama’s 2008 campaign promise to cut the average family’s annual healthcare bill by $2500.  Instead, according to the Kaiser Family Foundation, the average cost of family insurance premiums has risen from $13, 375 in 2009 (the first year that Obama was in office) to $18, 142 in 2016.  In other words, instead of the promised 20 percent reduction, American families have faced a 35 percent increase. Yet even so, the American people are cautiously supportive of Obamacare at least, they like it more than they dislike it.  According to the latest RealClearPolitics polling average, 48 percent approve of the law, while 43. 8 percent disapprove of it.    Indeed, support for Obamacare has risen substantially in the last year.  Evidently, the prospect of the program actually being repealed has forced Americans to ask themselves if they really want the program to go away —  and the answer has been “no. ”  House Republicans had to acknowledge this political reality last week, when they pulled their   AHCA.   In fact, if we drill down further into the polling data, we find that Obamacare —  or at least the idea of national health insurance —  rests on a deep bedrock of public support.  In an   poll conducted earlier this month, Americans were asked if they agreed or disagreed with this statement: Health care must be recognized as a right, not a privilege. That is, every man, woman and child should be able to access the health care they need regardless of their income.  A total of 62 percent “strongly” agreed that yes, health care is a right, and 22 percent “somewhat” agreed.  Thus we can see: A full 84 percent of us accept the ultimate argument that the Democrats have been making, while just 12 percent accept the    .    Indeed, given those numbers, one can only marvel that the Democrats did so poorly in the 2010 and 2014 midterm elections, when Obamacare was a    issue.   So how might we square this circle —  that the underlying idea of Obamacare is popular, but not Obamacare itself?  As a quick answer, we can presume that the Democrats were done in by the technical defects of the Obamacare plan (the notorious website glitches) as well as its sideshow ideological problems (the Obama administration pushing insurers to pay for   operations).   So the Democrats have some learning to do.  The takeaway lesson of the last seven years, for   architects, is that it’s best to be technically competent and to avoid exotic excesses.  That’s why, for example, the    essentials of Social Security are safe, politically, even as the complexity that is Obamacare still finds itself in the crosshairs.  In fact, evidence is clear: The American people want a program that helps them feel secure about the basics of their lives, not a program which is the basis for someone else’s theory of   social experimentation.   Yet at the same time, Republicans, too, have some lessons to learn: To put it bluntly, the voters of this country are not where the the Republican intelligentsia thought they were.  That is, all the ideological   of the last seven years —  all the manifestos, road maps, battle plans, and talking points that called for the eradication of Obamacare —  all that was just so much vaporizing.   We can further say: The “experts” who wrote that earnest propaganda, living in their   hothouses, never seem to have met an actual voter, or at least not enough of them.    It is, of course, possible to imagine that Republicans could have come up with a true    bill, one that peeled away the mistakes and excesses of Obamacare while maintaining the essential of affordable care for all citizens.  But the latest GOP plan, AHCA, was not it.   Indeed, the reality of the disconnect between Republican theory and political practicality became searingly obvious on March 13, when the Congressional Budget Office concluded that under AHCA, 24 million people would lose their health insurance.  At that moment, the bill was doomed according to a Quinnipiac Poll taken ten days after the CBO finding, just 17 percent of Americans supported AHCA.  Just hours after the bill was pulled on March 24, Charles Krauthammer said on Fox News, “There is now a generalized expectation that there is a an entitlement to universal healthcare. ”  Or, as House Speaker Paul Ryan reluctantly conceded, “We’re going to be living with Obamacare for the foreseeable future. ” But wait, what about the question of Obamacare “exploding”?  All those cost increases?  Without a doubt, cost increases are going to be a big issue.  And yet here we might pause to note that the   of Obamacare falls into two buckets, and so any solution must deal with both, separately.  The first bucket, and most notoriously, is the Obamacare personal mandate, which was aimed at forcing people into buying health insurance.  As we all know, the mandate has been been the emotional crux of the Obamacare fight millions said, in response, “Don’t tread on me. ”  Thus the mandate was a prime target of the GOP’s AHCA bill.  Yet interestingly enough, the number of Americans enrolled in the Obamacare “exchanges” —  the vehicle through which people were supposed to comply with the mandate —  is relatively small: In a country of 320 million, the number of enrollees fluctuates within a range of six million and 11 million (the number changes as people’s status changes —  they get new jobs, get married, and so on).   Yes, it’s true: Most of the Obamacare fight over the past decade has been about a program that directly affects only two or three percent of the population.   Meanwhile, it’s this program that has been visibly “exploding” in cost, as Trump has said.  Why the explosion?  Critics say it’s because the Obama administration deliberately   the   in the first place, as a way of making it seem more politically attractive.  And yet because prices were set low,   weren’t much interested in offering plans.  Moreover, since there’s been uncertainty over the fate of Obamacare, insurers haven’t been enthusiastic about offering plans.  Thus exchange participants have often gotten the worst of both worlds: High prices and little choice.    So how could the problem of the exchanges get fixed?  Or at least dealt with?   One possible answer, of course, is a renewed push to repeal the whole program.  One diehard is Vice President Mike Pence, who said on Saturday, the day after AHCA died, “The American people want Obamacare gone. ” A second possible answer is additional subsidies as a tweak to the program —  or, if one prefers, as a bandaid.   The exchange health plans typically cost a few hundred dollars a month, including existing subsidies.  And so if we do the math as to possibly increasing subsidies to keep the program alive, we can arrive at a rough additional cost estimate of $5 billion.  To be sure, many will strongly object to any such increase, which can be regarded, through one lens, as a   subsidy to the health insurers.    So here’s where the Obamacare battle will likely first resume: What to do about about the Obamacare exchanges, now that they have survived the AHCA chopping block?  The insurance companies, of course, will make an easy target, as they are unpopular, and yet what about the millions of actual people in the exchanges?  Will the political system turn its back on them?  Given the American people’s support for universal coverage, that seems unlikely.   We might add that yet another concern is the   erosion of health insurance provided by private employers in the “gig economy,” more and more people will have to find insurance on their own —  and that will take them to the exchanges.   Okay, so now to that second bucket of Obamacare, which is the expansion of Medicaid.  This program has actually been larger than the Obamacare exchanges about 12 million people have been added to the program in the last seven years.   Interestingly, these new additions were mostly among the working poor  as we know, Medicaid has covered the   poor for decades.  Medicaid, too, would have been affected by AHCA, and more than a few Republicans rose to defend it, especially since it was   workers —  increasingly a core Republican constituency —  who would have been most affected.   One such defender is Sen. Bill Cassidy ( ) he has been notably energetic in defense of his own   voters.   We can say it’s unlikely that one more   pamphlet will change his reading of his own fellow Louisianans. Of course, Medicaid is not cheap in 2015, it spent $545 billion.  Does that massive expenditure represent an “explosion” in costs?  Or is it simply a piece —  admittedly, a big piece —  of our overall national health expenditure of nearly $3. 5 trillion?  To put it mildly, those are questions for further debate.   Yet for now, Medicaid, too, along with the rest of Obamacare, is destined to remain intact. So where does that leave us?  If the legal and fiscal structures of the healthcare status quo seem firmly locked in place, is there anything else that can be done?  Is it still possible that President Trump can realize his dream of “a great healthcare plan”?   Will we ever have greatness with Obamacare?  Or will we just have more of the same?  Is there any possibility of a breakout to something better?  Really better?  "
"Former DNC chairwoman and disgraced CNN commentator Donna Brazile has admitted that she relayed confidential questions to Hillary Clinton’s presidential campaign in advance of last year’s primary debate. [Writing in Time magazine, Brazile said she would “forever regret” the decision, which was revealed after WikiLeaks published thousands of emails belonging to Clinton campaign chairman John Podesta.  “When I was asked last July to step in temporarily as D. N. C. Chair,” Brazile explained, “I knew things were amiss. The D. N. C. had been hacked, and thousands of staff emails and documents were plastered on various websites. Staff were harassed, morale suffered, and we lost weeks of planning. Donors were harassed, and fundraising fell off. ” “Then in October, a subsequent release of emails revealed that among the many things I did in my role as a Democratic operative and D. N. C. Vice Chair prior to assuming the interim D. N. C. Chair position was to share potential town hall topics with the Clinton campaign,” Brazil added. On October 14th, CNN accepted Brazile’s resignation as a network contributor. CNN’s Reliable Sources host Brian Stelter said Brazile’s collusion with the Clinton campaign “embarrassed all of CNN. ” But in her Time letter, Brazile said “the media narrative” about her being in cahoots with the Clinton campaign “played out just as the Russians had hoped, leaving Sanders supporters understandably angry and sowing division in our ranks. ” The WikiLeaks hack, Brazile said, is evidence that there must be a continued investigation into Russia’s interference in the presidential election. “Let me be clear,” Brazile wrote, “this is not just the price of politics. This is not normal. We cannot let this stand. Our democratic process itself was attacked and harmed, and all Americans should be concerned. ” Former Obama Director of National Intelligence James Clapper has stated that he has seen no evidence  —   from the NSA, FBI, and CIA  —   proving “collusion between members of the Trump campaign and the Russians. ” Follow Jerome Hudson on Twitter: @JeromeEHudson"
"Investigators said the trafficked women  —   who were shipped in from Central and South America  —   were forced to have sex with over 100 men per week. [Joel   35, and Byron Estrada, 28, both of Guatemala, were arrested on Friday on human trafficking charges in Palm Beach County, the Palm Beach Post reported.  Authorities believe that   was an enforcer who oversaw security and collected the money earned by the women, while Estrada managed one of the brothels connected to the prostitution ring. In a statement to Breitbart Texas, Immigration and Customs Enforcement (ICE) said, “ICE lodged a detainer on Joel   and Byron Estrada, both citizens of Guatemala, with the Palm Beach County Jail after they were arrested on local charges. ” A third man, Miguel Angel Alvarez Maradiaga, 31, purportedly of Honduras, was previously arrested in the case on May 6 for sex trafficking and   charges. “Authorities say Maradiaga, 31, has been running the prostitution business since taking it over about four years ago when his brother was deported to their native [country of] Honduras on   charges,” the Palm Beach Post noted. As the suspected ring leader, Maradiaga had numerous other men under his control that he used to help sell the sexual services of the women who investigators said were from Colombia, Dominican Republic, Costa Rica, Puerto Rico, and Honduras. Investigators indicated that many of the women sold into prostitution were forced to have sex with more than 100 men a week, in   sessions. If the women were unable to perform the services demanded of them, the traffickers then forced them into other roles that served to their benefit: One woman said she was forced to work at brothels ran by Maradiaga and his family until she became pregnant. Maradiaga refused to allow the woman to receive medical care and forced her to work as a “house mom,” collecting money and forcing other women to keep working. Breitbart Texas reported on Tuesday that a    illegal immigrant from Mexico was charged with human trafficking, sexual battery, and lewd and lascivious molestation after he allegedly had sex with a    and tried to get her and her friends to become prostitutes. Ryan Saavedra is a contributor for Breitbart Texas and can be found on Twitter at @RealSaavedra."
"President Donald Trump and first lady Melania attended the Inaugural Prayer Service at the Washington National Cathedral on Saturday morning with Vice President Mike Pence and his wife, Karen. [”The   Banner” plays at the national prayer service in Washington, D. C. https:  .  pic. twitter.   —   CBS News (@CBSNews) January 21, 2017,   Trump’s family was also in attendance at the prayer service. Several faiths offered prayers, including Christian, Hindu, Jewish, and Muslim prayers. The prayers asked for guidance and help for the new President of the United States: With President Trump in attendance, Dean of Washington National Cathedral prays for God to break down walls, take away arrogance pic. twitter.   —   CNN Religion (@CNNbelief) January 21, 2017,  After attending the service, Trump will head to the CIA “to thank the men and women of the intelligence community,” according to Trump’s press secretary, Sean Spicer."
"JUPITER, Fla. (AP)  —   President Donald Trump has long boasted about his prowess on the golf course. Now he’s putting his game to work. [The president spent his Saturday morning golfing with Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe as he hosts his first foreign leader at his winter estate in Palm Beach, Florida.  After a rocky diplomatic start that included contentious phone calls with the leaders of Mexico and Australia, the friendly weekend of meetings, dinners and golf suggests the new president is willing to invest time in developing close personal relationships with leaders he feels he can work with. Trump and Abe left    early Saturday morning and headed north to one of Trump’s golf courses in Jupiter, Florida. Reporters weren’t able to catch a glimpse of the pair as they played on the   property. But Trump later posted a photo of them giving each other a   on the golf course and tweeted, “Having a great time hosting Prime Minister Shinzo Abe in the United States!” The Trump National Golf Club website, in typical Trumpian language, claims the course “features the finest revetted bunkers in the United States, incredible water hazards, including a magnificent island green, and one of the most picturesque landscapes, all of which make for a truly memorable round. ” Abe had joked at a joint press conference at the White House on Friday that he was looking forward to playing golf with Trump, even though he’s not nearly as good with a club. He said he planned to use the time to discuss the future of the world, the Pacific region and U. S.  relations. As their husbands golfed, Melania Trump and Akie Abe toured the Morikami Museum and Japanese Gardens in nearby Delray Beach. The women were also expected to have lunch together at   . The two couples touched down in Florida on Friday afternoon and headed straight to Trump’s    Club, where they enjoyed a late dinner at its crowded patio restaurant. They were joined by Robert Kraft, the owner of the Super Bowl champion New England Patriots, and several interpreters. Paying members and club guests took in the scene and mingled with Trump and Abe into the night. The president and Mrs. Trump planned to host a more formal delegation dinner with the Abes on Saturday night. Trump also was expected to tend to other business in Florida: calling Tunisian President Beji Caid Essebsi and Colombian President Juan Manuel Santos as he continues conversations with foreign leaders. Trump and Abe appear to have hit it off early. Abe was the only world leader to meet with Trump before his inauguration, and Trump welcomed Abe to the White House with a hug. As a candidate, Trump often railed against former President Barack Obama for his frequent golfing, claiming Obama played more often than players on the PGA Tour. He said if he won he’d likely be too busy to golf and would only play with people he was looking to make deals with. One of Trump’s first actions as president was to withdraw the U. S. from a     trade agreement that was negotiated by the Obama administration and strongly supported by Tokyo. Abe has said that Japan may be open to a bilateral trade deal with the U. S. but reaching such a deal would be political difficult. Japan logged the second largest trade surplus with the U. S. last year."
"Sunday on CNN’s “Fareed Zakaria GPS,” while discussing the controversy over the unmasking of Trump campaign personnel, President Barack Obama’s former national security adviser Susan Rice said she didn’t do anything “untoward” with intelligence on Russian interference in the 2016 presidential election.  Partial transcript as follows: ZAKARIA: One of the elements of fallout from Russia’s attempt to influence the American election was that there was a certain amount of intelligence work being done on Russia. Our intelligence agencies were listening to what Russian government officials or Russian intelligence officials were saying. Donald Trump has accused you of trying to unmask the Americans on the other end of those conversations in an attempt to implicate the Trump campaign or people associated with Trump in some kind of collusion with Russia. What is your reaction to that? It’s an extraordinary charge by the President of the United States. RICE:  Well Fareed, it’s absolutely false. I’ve addressed this previously. I think now we’ve had subsequently members of Congress on the intelligence committees on both sides of the aisle take a look at the information that apparently was the basis for Chairman Nunes’ concern and say publicly that they didn’t see anything that was unusual or untoward. I did my job, which was to protect the American people, and I did it faithfully and with― to the best of my ability, and never did I do anything that was untoward with respect to the intelligence I received. Follow Pam Key On Twitter @pamkeyNEN"
"HENIN BEAUMONT, France (AP)  —   Topless demonstrators from the Femen activist group have caused a commotion as they staged a stunt against Marine Le Pen outside a polling station where the presidential candidate was heading to vote. [Around six topless Femen activists were detained Sunday morning after jumping out of an SUV limo wearing masks of Le Pen and United States President Donald Trump. Police and security forces quickly forced them into police vans, confiscating their signs. Le Pen voted at the station shortly after without further disruption. The election is taking place amid heightened security. The government has mobilized more than 50, 000 police and gendarmes to protect polling stations."
"LONDON (AP)  —   British actor Peter Sallis, who played irrepressible,   inventor Wallace in the “Wallace and Gromit” cartoons, has died, his agent said Monday. He was 96. [Sallis’ talent agency, Jonathan Altaras Associates, said he died Friday at a retirement home for actors in London.  Born in London in 1921, Sallis began his working life in a bank, but caught the acting bug as a Royal Air Force serviceman during World War II. After the war, he attended the Royal Academy of Dramatic Art and built up a diverse career onstage and in British film and television. He became famous in Britain as a star of the   sitcom “Last of the Summer Wine. ” Sallis was proud to have appeared in every episode during the show’s   run. Millions around the world know his voice from animator Nick Park’s “Wallace and Gromit,” which charted the adventures of a   Yorkshireman with a passion for inventing wild contraptions and his   silent dog, Gromit. With their     animation and lightly anarchic British humor, Park’s short films, feature and BBC series gained fans around the world. Two of the films, “The Wrong Trousers” and “A Close Shave” won Academy Awards. The bald,   character Sallis voiced between 1989 and 2010 was instantly recognizable from his    Yorkshire accent and frequent exclamation of “Cheese, Gromit!” Park said Sallis “was always my first and only choice for Wallace. ” “He brought his unique gift and humor to all that he did, and encapsulated the very British art of the droll and understated,” he said."
"Tuesday on CBS’ “The Late Show,” MSNBC’s “Morning Joe”   Joe Scarborough said President Donald Trump’s first month in office has made it harder to call him “Mr. President. ”  Scarborough said, “He’s been Donald Trump forever, he’s been Donald forever. It’s kind of hard to start calling him Mr. President. And I’ll be really honest with you, the way he’s acted over the past month has made it even harder to call him Mr. President. ” He added, “I think we as Americans should not cheer against our president like Rush Limbaugh said he was doing with Barack Obama. I think we should pray for our president. But that requires all of us as Americans to do what we can when the president is not doing what he needs to be doing to stand up and do our part, too. And right now I think it’s the responsibility of all Americans, especially Republicans, and especially Republicans in the Senate, that when you have a president of the United States that questions judicial review and questions the legitimacy of a federal judge to stand up and say this is not right and we are going to call it out. ” “When you have a president that actually questions free speech, the First Amendment, and news organizations that are doing their job, I think it’s incumbent upon my party especially to stand up right now and speak out,” Scarborough continued. “Because I always say this of everybody who gets in the White House you think you are the center of the world now, you don’t own this place you are renting this place out. The American people are letting you have this. The Republican party needs to know, there is going to be a time after Donald Trump, and they are going to be judged for the next 50 years about how they respond to the challenges of today. ” (  The Hill) Follow Pam Key on Twitter @pamkeyNEN"
"President Donald Trump ridiculed the duo of Senator John McCain and Senator Lindsey Graham after they criticized his executive order restricting immigration into the United States from high risk countries in the Middle East. [“The joint statement of former presidential candidates John McCain  Lindsey Graham is wrong  —   they are sadly weak on immigration,” Trump wrote on Twitter.  He accused the neocon senators of failing to focus on border security and instead trying to involve the United States in foreign conflicts around the world. “The two senators should focus their energies on ISIS, illegal immigration and border security instead of always looking to start World War III,” Trump continued. After the left and the media organized against Trump’s executive order, both Graham and McCain caved to critics demanding that Republicans oppose the president. “This executive order sends a signal, intended or not, that America does not want Muslims coming into our country,” they said in a joint statement. “That is why we fear this executive order may do more to help terrorist recruitment than improve our security. ”"
"Well, Eli Manning’s offseason just got a whole lot more interesting. [Potentially damning evidence has emerged in the ongoing memorabilia fraud case between New York Giants signal caller Eli Manning and some sports memorabilia collectors. The suit alleges that Manning cooperated with memorabilia dealer Steiner Sports to sell helmets to fans who thought they were purchasing   helmets.  Among court documents obtained by the New York Post is an email from Manning to a Giants equipment manager in 2010. In the email, Manning asks the equipment manager if he could provide, “2 helmets that can pass as game used. ” Manning’s apparent lack of concern over whether or not the helmets were   authentic has the plaintiff’s attorney Brian Brook up in arms. Brook told the New York Post, that the email constitutes, “direct evidence that Manning knowingly gave fraudulent helmets to Steiner for sale to fans. ” The email, disclosed by Manning and his attorneys, originated from Manning’s private account. The Giants released a statement on the matter shortly after the Post story broke. According to Karren Kessler, spokesperson for McCarter  English, the law firm representing the Giants, “The email, taken out of context, was shared with the media by an unscrupulous memorabilia dealer and his counsel who for years has been seeking to leverage a big payday. The email predates any litigation, and there was no legal obligation to store it on the Giants server. Eli Manning is well known for his integrity and this is just the latest misguided attempt to defame his character. ” Though this incident occurred away from the field, if found guilty Manning could still face a possible suspension by the league if the NFL finds the offense “conduct detrimental,” or in violation of the conduct policy. The Giants and the team’s equipment manager have also been named in the suit, along with Manning and Steiner Sports. Follow Dylan Gwinn on Twitter: @themightygwinn"
"The Washington Redskins won at the U. S. Supreme Court on Monday without taking a case there. [A unanimous court ruled that the government violated the First Amendment rights of the members of an Asian band calling itself “The Slants” by denying the group trademark protection.  “The disparagement clause violates the First Amendment’s Free Speech Clause,” Justice Alito explained in his Matal v. Tam opinion. “Contrary to the Government’s contention, trademarks are private, not government speech. ” The Washington Redskins offered an amicus curiae brief supporting The Slants. The brief contended that nothing “permits Congress to condition trademark registration on a mark owner’s refusal to change a name that the government finds odious. ” A division of the United States Patent and Trademark Office voted to cancel a half dozen “Redskins” trademarks in 2014 based on the premise that the team’s nickname —  an offshoot of “Red Sox” from when the Boston Braves football team moved from Braves Field a mile or so away to Fenway Park in 1933 and became the Boston Redskins in homage to its landlord —  violated a disparagement clause forbidding the registration of words and images that offend. Without trademark protections, the Redskins faced the prospect of legal pirating of their name and logos. Redskins owner Dan Snyder, who once vowed in   to never change the team’s name, again embraced uppercase in expressing himself. “I am THRILLED,” he explained. “Hail to the Redskins!”"
"A Canadian man who was found not guilty for the beheading and cannibalizing of a Greyhound bus passenger due to mental illness has been set free. [Manitoba’s Criminal Code Review Board announced that it gave Will Baker, formerly known as Vince Li, an absolute discharge Friday, meaning he is no longer subject to any conditions or monitoring, the Associated Press reported.  The board “is of the opinion that the weight of evidence does not substantiate that Mr. Baker poses a significant threat to the safety of the public,” according to the decision. Baker’s doctor, Jeffrey Waldman, told the board he was confident Baker would continue to take his medication and work with the treatment team. Baker, a diagnosed schizophrenic, killed a young carnival worker named Tim McLean in 2008. In 2009, he was found not guilty due to mental illness. Baker said he heard the voice of God telling him to kill the man or “die immediately. ” Baker repeatedly stabbed and mutilated the body as passengers fled the bus. He beheaded McLean and showed the head to some passengers outside the bus, witnesses said. Baker was initially kept in a secure wing of a psychiatric hospital but was granted more freedom each year at his review board hearings, starting with escorted walks on the hospital grounds, the Toronto Star reported. He has been living in his own apartment in Winnipeg since November but was still subject to monitoring to ensure he took his medication. McLean’s mother, Carol de Delley, said she was against the decision because there would be no way to ensure that Baker would continue to take his medication. Conservative member of Parliament James Bezan also criticized his release, saying it would be an insult to McLean’s family. Chris Summerville, executive director of the Manitoba Schizophrenic Society, defended his release, saying he is no longer violent. “He is no longer a violent person,” Summerville said. “I will say, yes, he absolutely understands that he has to (take his medication) and has a desire to live a responsible, moral life and never succumb to psychotic episodes and not to hurt anybody ever again. ”"
"Last week in Washington D. C. at a discussion sponsored by the Raben Group, former senior advisor to President Barack Obama Valerie Jarrett spoke about President Donald Trump’s decision to withdraw from the Paris climate accord.  She said that decision meant he was “abdicating” America’s role as both a “beacon of hope” and the leader of the world. Jarrett said, “It is unrefuted science that there are   consequences that are leading to the degradation of our planet. And it was unprecedented to have so many countries, nearly 200 countries from around the world, who followed the United States’ lead on this issue and came to the table and not just the government leaders but in our country, just hundreds and hundreds of large corporations signed on recognizing that it is not   to care about our climate it is not an either or, it is a both and an imperative. ” She continued, “So I think it signals to the world that the United States is not serious about protecting our planet. Now, I don’t know what other way to interpret a decision that I think could be as dramatically negatively impactful as that decision. And what it means is the rest of the world will move forward without us and the United States has always been that beacon of hope, the leader, the world leader, that’s why we’re called the world leader and we’re basically abdicating that role, so that’s disappointing to me. ” (  PJ Media) Follow Pam Key on Twitter @pamkeyNEN"
"Actor Scott Baio, an outspoken supporter of President Donald Trump, was reportedly physically attacked by protesters in Washington, DC on Friday night. [Witnesses told the New York Post‘s Page Six the attack on Baio occurred when the Happy Days star arrived at the Liberty Ball.  “Wild night for me  @schwartzbFBN witnessed @KellyannePolls in middle of a fight at Liberty ball stopped a thug from attacking @ScottBaio,” Fox Business star Charles Gasparino tweeted. Wild night for me  @schwartzbFBN witnessed @KellyannePolls in middle of a fight at Liberty ball stopped a thug from attacking @ScottBaio,  —   Charles Gasparino (@CGasparino) January 21, 2017,  To avoid false reports, Gasparino further explained the alleged incident on his personal Facebook page. “  this because there are some erroneous reports out there on the inaugural incidents,” Gasparino wrote on Monday. “First met my pal Scott baio outside the victory ball. We said hello when a bunch of anarchist thugs began to descend on us screaming ‘hey Chachi are u fascist? ’” Gasparino explained. “One made an aggressive move toward us i shoved him away and he said ‘touch me again u little prick and I’ll smack u’ my response: ‘GFY asshole’ that’s when my producer Brian Schwartz intervened and crisis was averted. ” Baio has been silent on the matter. The    actor endorsed Trump last March in an interview with Fox News’ Judge Jeanine Pirro, and later spoke to support him at the Republican National Convention in Cleveland.   Follow Jerome Hudson on Twitter: @JeromeEHudson"
"Friday,   Donald Trump will be sworn in as President of the United States. Beginning at 9 a. m. ET, watch live coverage courtesy of the Right Side Broadcasting Network.  Follow Breitbart. tv on Twitter @BreitbartVideo"
"WASHINGTON, D. C.  —   Senate Minority Leader Chuck Schumer ( ) joined a growing number of his party’s leadership by calling on Thursday for Attorney General Jeff Sessions to resign from his post. [“Because the Department of Justice should be above reproach for the good of the country, Attorney General Sessions should resign,” Schumer said. “But, whatever one’s views are on resignation, the most important thing we must do is ensure the integrity of the investigation. ”  Two days earlier, Schumer stated, “I don’t see any place” Democrats can with work President Donald Trump. Several Democrats and some Republicans have called for Sessions to recuse himself from an investigation into Russian interference in the U. S. election following the revelation he communicated with Russia’s ambassador to the United States during the presidential campaign. “It would be of ‘Alice in Wonderland’ quality if this administration were to sanction him to investigate himself,” Schumer said. “Recusal should have been given. But this goes beyond that. ” He added, “Attorney General Sessions had weeks to correct the record that he made before the Judiciary Committee. But he let the record stand. ” In addition to demanding the attorney general’s resignation, Schumer called for three things.  First, he called for the DOJ to “immediately appoint a special prosecutor. Given that Attorney General Session’s impartiality is compromised, that responsibility will fall to the acting Deputy Attorney General Dana Boente,” an Obama appointee.  Second, Schumer cited a law created as the result of the Watergate scandal under President Nixon. He said that if he feels the DOJ is too slow “and refuses to appoint a special prosecutor or selects someone with insufficient independence, we will then urge Sen. McConnell and Speaker Ryan to work with Democrats to create a new and improved version of the Independent Council Law. ”  That law would grant a   panel the authority to appoint an independent council.  Lastly, he said the DOJ inspector General “must immediately” begin an investigation into Sessions’ involvement in the matter “to discover if the investigation has already been compromised. ” Asked by a reporter why Schumer did not think it was good enough for Sessions to recuse himself and why called for Sessions to resign instead of just allowing him to recuse himself, he said that “already his integrity has been questioned. It would better for the country if he resigns, but let’s get an investigation going. ” He later added that “there is nothing inappropriate with a senator meeting with a Russian ambassador. There is something very inappropriate to dramatically mislead Congress. He said he didn’t remember, afterwards. But it was in the record for weeks afterwards. ” House minority leader Nancy Pelosi and Sen. Elizabeth Warren ( ) have similarly called for Sessions to resign. Pelosi has even accused him of “lying under oath. ” However, when another reporter asked if he thinks Sessions committed perjury in his testimony, he said, “I am not a legal expert on perjury, and I leave that to the experts. It was definitely extremely misleading, to say the least as to what he did. ” Schumer suggested, “if the next day he would have said, ‘I forgot and here’s what I said,’ it’s a lot different than letting the record stand. ” In an appearance on MSNBC’s “Morning Joe” Thursday, Sen. Ted Cruz ( ) said a Washington Post report on Wednesday alleging Sessions failed to disclose meeting with Russian officials in his AG confirmation hearing was nothing more than “political theater. ” Cruz also called the meeting a “nothing burger. ” White House Press Secretary Sean Spicer said there’s nothing Sessions needs to recuse himself of. In an interview with Fox News, Spicer said Sessions was “100 percent straight with the committee and I think that people who are choosing to play partisan politics with this should be ashamed of themselves. ” . @PressSec : Sessions was 100% straight with the committee  I think people are choosing to play partisan politics  they should be ashamed pic. twitter.   —   David Mack (@davidmackau) March 2, 2017,  Follow Adelle Nazarian on Twitter and Periscope @AdelleNaz"
"Center for Security Policy President Frank Gaffney joined SiriusXM host Alex Marlow on Wednesday’s Breitbart News Daily to talk about a wide range of national security issues, beginning with what Gaffney called “the persistent and seemingly escalating difficulties that the president is having inside his own White House. ”[Gaffney said those difficulties included everything from the routine conduct of White House business to “interactions with foreign dignitaries” and “relationships within the administration itself,” famously including President Trump’s firing of FBI Director James Comey.  “Without the incessant leaking of that information to the press, in the most —  let’s be honest —  unfavorable light imaginable, and there’s reporting now in places like the Washington Free Beacon that the president is surrounded by subordinates who don’t like him. I’m not sure that’s a newsflash, but it is troubling,” he said. “I think the bigger pattern that is unfolding here is of dysfunction. That is very troubling as the world, for reasons that we talk about each week, is becoming I think by the moment a more dangerous place. We need clarity on the part of our government and leadership about those various challenges. Our sense of direction in its being at best hampered, and at worst seriously undermined by this dysfunctionality, for want of another word for it, inside the administration itself,”  Marlow asked if Gaffney has seen anything in the leaks currently driving news coverage that proves President Trump is “mishandling his incredible access to classified information. ”  “I guess I’d have to say at the moment that the jury is out, as far as I’m concerned,” Gaffney replied. “I’m mindful of a pattern that we’ve seen in previous presidencies, not just this one, where the president or senior subordinates of the president have dealt with highly classified information in ways that compromise not only the information itself, but the sources and methods by which that information is obtained. ”  “We have a swirling controversy now, about did this president do that in the Oval Office with Russian emissaries the other day? I don’t know. As I say, the jury is still out,” said Gaffney. “It’s being roundly denied by people in the room, notably General McMaster, the National Security Adviser to the president, and his deputy Dina Powell,” he noted. “And yet, there are continuing suggestions that something was disclosed that would perhaps complicate our intelligence sharing with a foreign government, said to be Israel  —   again, I don’t know if that’s true  —   and done in ways that might have in fact compromised the source of intensive intelligence about the Islamic State and some of the threats that it poses to us. “ “I’m troubled about these kinds of instances in which what we have  —   and you mentioned ransomware a moment ago, this recent attack that sort of introduced the same theme there  —   this is said to have transpired because of leaks of incredibly sensitive tools that the National Security Agency has used to try to collect intelligence to protect our country, and that’s now been disclosed, and it’s now being used to our detriment or the detriment of hundreds of countries around the world, businesses by the thousands, and so on,” Gaffney told Marlow, referring to the WannaCry ransomware attack. “We’re obviously in an environment that is very troubling, in which the handling of sensitive information by officials  —   maybe the president himself, certainly by people around him, certainly by others who have held these kinds of positions in the past  —   may be an instrument of political warfare against our own country and interests, by people who wish us harm. That’s a profoundly troubling thing, and I think we’ll know more later about the truth behind all of this, but that’s what I’m concerned with at the moment, I must say,” he declared. Marlow said such concerns should be evaluated carefully, with the best possible information, but the establishment media is “at a point where they merely are using hysterics to try to distract from actually getting at the truth, and the crying wolf is just getting so intense that you almost can’t keep up with whichever hysteria du jour they are on. ” Gaffney agreed that the current tactics of political warfare “require much greater scrutiny. ” “What you’ve described, of course, is a manifestation of it, but we generally don’t think about it that way. We don’t talk about it that way. It’s all breathlessly seen as ‘just the facts, ma’am’ reporting, and I think the press has in fact  —   by and large, with notable exceptions like yours  —   become instruments of a concerted effort by the enemies of this president to destroy him,” he told Marlow.  “That’s what causes me to be very cautious about assessing and trying to answer important questions like yours. A) we don’t have enough information, and B) the very process in which the information is obtained, and reported, and digested, and vetted is now so loaded with this kind of agenda that I think it requires us to be very cautious in making judgments on the basis of the information available at the moment, at least,” Gaffney advised. Marlow turned back to the WannaCry ransomware attack, asking Gaffney for lessons that might be drawn about information security and cyberespionage. “I’m no cyberwarfare specialist, but as I say Alex from what we’re hearing, what made this attack possible is that people who hacked the National Security Agency’s sensitive information  —   and I don’t think we’ve seen the end of the fruits of their efforts  —   have made tools that have been used for the purposes of trying to safeguard our security into instruments of piracy, I guess is one way of putting it, and perhaps worse, by people who were shaking down governments and health care systems and private corporations around the world,” Gaffney said. He saw the attack as a reminder of “the vulnerability of our society, and specifically the infrastructure that is absolutely critical to its continued survival. ” Gaffney stressed this was about the literal survival of Western society, which could swiftly collapse without electric power and other infrastructure vulnerable to hackers. “The fact that these kinds of cyber capabilities are now migrating to Heavens knows who  —   not just foreign governments, but substate actors  —   to use advanced cyber techniques to turn things off or make things inaccessible to their owners or their operators is of the greatest concern to me,” he said. “I think the vulnerability of our grid to such attacks  —   among others, by the way, physical sabotage, electromagnetic pulse, even solar storms  —   is one of the great untold stories and great unaddressed public policy crises of our time. ” “If people who are using our own techniques against us continue to do this, in ways that are far more devastating than just ripping people off for their Bitcoins, then I think we’re entering a very, very dangerous period,” he warned. Gaffney added that he was excited about “efforts being made in the state of Texas as we speak,” commending State Senator Bob Hall for working to “get the grid of Texas protected against these sorts of attacks. ” “It’s the kind of thing that should happen not only in Texas but across this country,” he said. “It’s a matter of the utmost urgency, especially in light of what we’re seeing playing out with this ransomware business. ” Marlow asked what Gaffney was keeping an eye out for as President Trump begins his first extensive overseas trip. Gaffney pointed to Trump’s meeting with Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdogan in Washington on Tuesday, and said he fears Trump’s meetings with the monarchy of Saudi Arabia will also reveal Trump is not being clear enough about “the dangers posed by people who are, at their core, sharia supremacists, and therefore deeply hostile to our country and to its vital interests. ” “I think keeping that in perspective as he interacts with them and negotiates with them, as he seeks to pursue deals and understandings with them, is vitally important,” he said. “I personally think it was incredibly critical to his success as a presidential candidate that he told the American people he was going to take a different course than had President Obama, notably, on these guys,”  “There’s less evidence of that than I’d like to see at the moment,” Gaffney lamented. “We’ll be watching closely how he conducts himself, what kind of initiatives come out of these conversations with the Saudis and others who are in the Gulf States and so on, who are sharia supremacists first and foremost, as is Erdogan  —   and therefore, I’m afraid not reliable allies. We need to be mindful of that. ” Breitbart News Daily airs on SiriusXM Patriot 125 weekdays from 6:00 a. m. to 9:00 a. m. Eastern. "
"Actress America Ferrera, chair of the Women March on Washington’s “artist table,” addressed thousands of protesters Saturday and delivered a message to President Donald Trump and his new administration. [“It’s been a heartrending time to be both a woman and an immigrant in this country,” the Ugly Betty star said. “Our dignity, our character, our rights have all been under attack, and a platform of hate and division assumed power yesterday. ”  Ferrera, who spoke at the Democratic National Convention last summer, said that the Trump administration and the   Congress don’t represent America. “But the president is not America. His cabinet is not America. Congress is not America,” she said. “We are America. And we are here to stay. ” Actress America Ferrera speaks at the #WomensMarch in Washington, DC: ”Our rights have all been under attack” https:  .   —   CNN Politics (@CNNPolitics) January 21, 2017,  “We march today for our families and our neighbors, for our future, for the causes we claim and for the causes that claim us,” the    actress added. Ferrera told the crowd of protesters that President Trump is not the “moral core” of America. “We march today for the moral core of this nation, against which our new president is waging a war. He would like us to forget the words, ‘Give me your tired, your poor, your huddled masses, yearning to breathe free,’ and instead, take up a credo of hatred,” she said. The Women’s March on Washington coincide Saturday with dozens of   protests around the world. Hillary Clinton took to Twitter Saturday to show support for the protesters marching and rallying against Trump. “Thanks for standing, speaking  marching for our values @womensmarch. Important as ever,” Clinton tweeted. “I truly believe we’re always Stronger Together. ” Thanks for standing, speaking  marching for our values @womensmarch. Important as ever. I truly believe we’re always Stronger Together.  —   Hillary Clinton (@HillaryClinton) January 21, 2017, "
"Peter S. Goodman writes in the New York Times that the Davos elite are well aware of the “populist fury” fueled by   people around the world who have borne the brunt of globalist economic policies. [Goodman notes, “If the world is indeed in the throes of a populist insurrection, the pitchforks could do worse than to point here. The Davos elites have enjoyed outsize influence over economic policies in recent decades as a growing share of wealth has, perhaps not coincidentally, landed in the coffers of people with a need for bank accounts in the British Virgin Islands, while poor and   households have seen their earnings stagnate and decline. ”  From the New York Times: You have perhaps noticed that in many countries,   numbers of people have grown enraged at the economic elite and their tendency to hog the spoils of globalization. This wave of anger has delivered Donald J. Trump to the White House, sent Britain toward the exit of the European Union, and threatened the future of global trade. The people gathered here this week in the Swiss Alps for the annual World Economic Forum have noticed this, too. They are the elite  —   heads of state, billionaire hedge fund managers, technology executives. They are eager to talk about how to set things right, soothing the populist fury by making globalization a more lucrative proposition for the masses. Myriad panel discussions are focused on finding the best way to “reform capitalism,” make globalization work and revive the middle class. Read the rest here. "
"Ynetnews reports: Hundreds of Israelis have been stranded on the Jordanian side of the Yitzhak Rabin border terminal due to a local computer malfunction since the early hours of Thursday morning. Only after about five hours was the problem fixed, and the Israelis began to slowly make their way back to Israel. [The computer malfunction did not allow the date of departure and entry from Jordan at the terminal in Aqaba to be updated, thus preventing hundreds of Israelis from returning. “We went on vacation with the family three days ago to Petra, and everything was perfect until we reached the border crossing,” said Yossi Aharon of Gan Yavneh.  “They said they had a computer malfunction that would be solved within a few minutes, but it has already been more than five hours. People are desperate and just want to go home, families with children lying on the floor and dozens more people waiting in their cars in despair,” added Aharon. Read the full story here."
"NEW YORK (AP)  —   Mary Tyler Moore, the star of TV’s beloved “The Mary Tyler Moore Show” whose comic realism helped revolutionize the depiction of women on the small screen, has died. [Moore died Wednesday with her husband and friends nearby, her publicist, Mara Buxbaum, said. She was 80.  Moore gained fame in the 1960s as the frazzled wife Laura Petrie on “The Dick Van Dyke Show. ” In the 1970s, she created one of TV’s first   sitcom heroines in “The Mary Tyler Moore Show. ” She won seven Emmy awards over the years and was nominated for an Oscar for her 1980 portrayal of an affluent mother whose son is accidentally killed in “Ordinary People. ” She had battled diabetes for many years. In 2011, she underwent surgery to remove a benign tumor on the lining of her brain. Moore’s first major TV role was on the classic sitcom “The Dick Van Dyke Show,” in which she played the young homemaker wife of Van Dyke’s character, comedy writer Rob Petrie, from  . With her unerring gift for comedy, Moore seemed perfectly fashioned to the smarter wit of the new,   age. As Laura, she traded in the housedress of countless sitcom wives and clad her dancer’s legs in Capri pants that were as fashionable as they were suited to a modern American woman. Laura was a dream wife and mother, but not perfect. Viewers identified with her flustered moments and her protracted, plaintive cry to her husband: “Ohhhh, Robbbb!” Moore’s chemistry with Van Dyke was unmistakable. Decades later, he spoke warmly of the chaste but palpable   crush they shared during the show’s run. They also appeared together in several TV specials over the years and in 2003,   in a PBS production of the play “The Gin Game. ” But it was as Mary Richards, the plucky Minneapolis TV news producer on “The Mary Tyler Moore Show” ( ) that Moore truly made her mark. At a time when women’s liberation was catching on worldwide, her character brought to TV audiences an independent, 1970s career woman. Other than Marlo Thomas’ 1960s sitcom character “That Girl,” who at least had a steady boyfriend, there were few precedents. Mary Richards was comfortable being single in her 30s, and while she dated, she wasn’t desperate to get married. She sparred affectionately with her gruff boss, Lou Grant, played by Ed Asner and addressed always as “Mr. Grant. ” And millions agreed with the show’s theme song that she could “turn the world on with her smile. ” The show was filled with laughs. But no episode was more memorable than the bittersweet finale when new management fired the entire WJM News staff  —   everyone but the preening, clueless anchorman, Ted Baxter. Thus did the series dare to question whether Mary Richards actually did “make it after all. ” The series ran seven seasons and won 29 Emmys, a record that stood for a quarter century until “Frasier” broke it in 2002. “The Mary Tyler Moore Show” spawned the   “Rhoda,” ( ) starring Valerie Harper “Phyllis” ( ) starring Cloris Leachman and “Lou Grant” ( ) starring Asner in a rare drama spun off from a comedy. Mary Richards “certainly was never a character that I had to develop when we were doing the show,” Moore said in a 1995 interview with The Associated Press. “Everything I did was by the seat of the pants. I reacted to every written situation the way I would have in real life. ” She likened being linked with that role to “growing up with a mother who is a very famous actress. There are all kinds of wonderful perks that go with it, and then there are little resentments, too. “My life is inextricably intertwined with Mary Richards’ and probably always will be,” she said. “Mary Tyler Moore” was the first in a series of acclaimed,   shows she produced with her second husband, Grant Tinker, who died in November 2016, through their MTM Enterprises. (The meowing kitten at the end of the shows was a parody of the MGM lion.) “The Bob Newhart Show,” ”Hill Street Blues,” ”St. Elsewhere” and “WKRP in Cincinnati” are among the MTM series that followed. Moore won her seventh Emmy in 1993, for supporting actress in a miniseries or special, for a Lifetime network movie, “Stolen Babies. ” She had won two for “The Dick Van Dyke Show” and the other four for “Mary Tyler Moore. ” At the time, her seven tied her with former   Asner for the record of   Emmy acting wins. Another   Leachman, later surpassed them with eight   Emmys in acting and variety show categories. In 2012, Moore received the Screen Actors Guild’s lifetime achievement award. Moore never achieved the individual success with a television series that she enjoyed with “Mary Tyler Moore. ” She starred in two different programs called “Mary”  —   one, a   hour similar to “The Carol Burnett Show,” lasted only a few episodes in 1978. Another variety show, “The Mary Tyler Moore Hour,” spent a few months on the air in 1979. The second “Mary,” a sitcom in which Moore played a divorced Chicago newspaper columnist, bounced between time slots for about six months before being canceled in 1986. Then in fall 1986, another flop: “Annie McGuire,” in which she played a divorced woman who had remarried for the second time. It lasted just two months. She also asked to be written out of “New York News,” a drama set at a newspaper, which aired for two months in 1995. On the big screen, Moore’s appearances were less frequent. She was a 1920s flapper in the hit 1967 musical “Thoroughly Modern Millie” and a nun who falls for Elvis Presley in “Change of Habit” in 1969. She turned to serious drama in 1980’s “Ordinary People,” playing an affluent, bitter mother who loses a son in an accident. The film won the Oscar for best picture and best director for Robert Redford, and it earned Moore an Oscar nomination and a Golden Globe. She also played the mother of a dying girl in 1982’s “Six Weeks” and   cancer survivor Betty Rollin in a 1978 TV movie, “First You Cry. ” Moore endured personal tragedy in real life, too. The same year “Ordinary People” came out, her only child, Richard, who’d had trouble in school and with drugs, accidentally shot himself at 24. Her younger sister, Elizabeth, died at 21 from a combination of a painkillers and alcohol. In her 1995 autobiography “After All,” Moore admitted she helped her terminally ill brother try to commit suicide by feeding him ice cream laced with a deadly overdose of drugs. The attempt failed, and her    brother, John, died three months later in 1992 of kidney cancer. Moore herself lived with juvenile diabetes for some 40 years and told of her struggle in her 2009 book, “Growing Up Again. ” She also spent five weeks at the Betty Ford Clinic in 1984 for alcohol abuse, writing that they “transformed my life  —   and gave me a chance to start growing up  —   even at my advanced age   …     of 45. ” She served as chairwoman of the Juvenile Diabetes Foundation International, supported embryonic stem cell research and was active in animal rights causes. In 1983, Moore married cardiologist Robert Levine, who survives her. Her marriage to Tinker lasted from 1962 to 1981. Before that, she was married to Dick Meeker from 1955 to 1961. Moore was born in 1936 in Brooklyn the family moved to California when she was around 8 years old. She began dancing lessons as a child and launched her career while still in her teens, appearing in TV commercials. In the  ’50s, she was a dancing sprite called “Happy Hotpoint” in Hotpoint appliance ads. One of her early TV series roles was as a secretary who was unseen, except for her legs, on “Richard Diamond, Private Detective. ” She arrived at “The Dick Van Dyke Show” at age 24, a dancer with few acting credits and scant evidence of any gift for being funny. Decades later, Carl Reiner, who created the show, still marveled at the comic genius he discovered and nurtured. “She was a very quick study,” he recalled in 2014. “It didn’t take her very long. ” It was start of a comic legacy. In 1992, Moore received a star on the Hollywood Walk of Fame. A decade later, a   bronze statue went on display in Minneapolis, depicting her tossing her trademark tam into the air as she did in the opening credits of “The Mary Tyler Moore Show. ”"
"The Associated Press is reporting that the Trump Administration will be ending the federal government’s opposition to Texas’ photo voter identification law. [An attorney for a plaintiff organization said that the Trump administration told her that the federal government has no plan to challenge the Texas voter photo ID law, reported the AP. A representative of the Campaign Legal Center said on Monday that the plaintiffs challenging the voting law were told by the U. S. Department of Justice (DOJ) that it will be filing legal documents to drop its opposition to the law. Danielle Lang of the   group was reported to call the move an “extraordinary disappointment. ”  Texas Governor Greg Abbott took to Twitter to celebrate the decision. It’s a new day in D. C. Texas deserves Voter ID just like other states already have  SCOTUS has approved. #txlege pic. twitter.   —   Greg Abbott (@GregAbbott_TX) February 27, 2017,  The Public Interest Legal Foundation, a longstanding proponent of voter ID laws hailed the Trump DOJ’s decision in a statement released Monday. “Since the Obama Administration’s initial filing, the federal government’s position has only grown weaker,” J. Christian Adams said. “We are seeing early reminders of what a Justice Department looks like when it drops the ideological pet projects and follows the law. ” Breitbart Texas reported on January 22 that a federal magistrate delayed a hearing in the Texas voter ID case so that the Trump Administration would have time to reassess the federal administration’s decision. The U. S. Department of Justice (DOJ) filed a motion for continuance on January 20 asking the court to continue a hearing that had been set for January 24. The lawyers for the Voting Section of the Civil Rights Division asked the judge to postpone the hearing until February 24 or thereafter. As reported by Breitbart Texas in October 2014, U. S. District Court Judge Nelva Gonzalez Ramos sitting in Corpus Christi, Texas, issued a permanent injunction requiring Texas to return to enforcing the   voter identification requirements that existed before Senate Bill 14 was initially enforced in 2013. The Obama appointee had held that the Texas photo voter ID law violated the Voting Rights Act of 1965 because it: had an impermissible discriminatory effect, including deliberate discrimination against blacks and Hispanics violated the Equal Protection Clause and unconstitutionally offended voting rights guaranteed under the Fifteenth Amendment. She also ruled that the voter ID law was an unconstitutional poll tax prohibited by the   Amendment because the law provided for a fee for issuing copies of birth certificates or other information needed to obtain an acceptable ID. Senate Bill 14 was signed into law in 2011 by   Rick Perry. In July 2016, the U. S. Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit sitting en banc found that Texas’ voter ID law had a discriminatory effect under the Voting Rights Act but reversed the district court’s finding of discriminatory intent, as reported by Breitbart Texas. The   ruling held that the law did not constitute a poll tax but ruled that the lower court must put an “interim remedy” in place to mitigate the “discriminatory effects” in time for the 2016 Election. The Fifth Circuit warned that the district judge should “ensure that any remedy acted ameliorates SB 14’s discriminatory effect while respecting the Legislature’s stated objective to safeguard the integrity of elections by requiring more secure forms of voter identification. ” The appellate court remanded the case to the district court to later determine if the voter ID provisions were written to be intentionally discriminatory. The dissents to that opinion included scathing retorts to the ruling. There were 100 pages of dissenting opinions in all. Judge Edith Jones, a Reagan nominated judge wrote a dissent which was joined by four judges. She wrote, “Requiring a voter to verify her identity with a photo ID at the polling place is a reasonable requirement widely supported by Texans of all races and members of the public belonging to both political parties. ” The seven acceptable forms of photo ID under the law include the following: a Texas driver’s license free Texas election identification card (EIC) Texas personal identification card Texas license to carry a concealed handgun U. S. military identification card U. S. citizenship certificate and a U. S. passport. Lana Shadwick is a writer and legal analyst for Breitbart Texas. She has served as a prosecutor and associate judge in Texas. Follow her on Twitter @LanaShadwick2. This article has been updated to reflect additional information. "
"A court officer with the powers of a judge in Portland, Ore. is accused of helping an illegal alien evade immigration officers who were waiting outside a courtroom, says the U. S. attorney for Oregon. [The officers from U. S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement, or ICE, were waiting outside a courtroom to take custody of an illegal alien who was then being arraigned for drunk driving in Portland’s Multnomah County Courthouse. The officers were told to wait, and then discovered their quarry had escaped out a door used only by court officers, U. S. Attorney Billy Williams said.  Williams said that on Jan. 27 a “judicial referee” helped the illegal alien sneak out another door to elude ICE agents, according to the Oregonian. The U. S. Attorney noted that ICE officers “waited and waited” outside the referee’s courtroom but the suspect never came out through the public entrance. “The man exited the courtroom through a side door and found his way out of the building,” Williams said. A judicial referee has the powers of a circuit judge and can preside over cases in small claims court, can hear issues concerning landlords and tenants, as well as preside over traffic court. “I found it to be troubling,” Williams added. “We are all officers of the court, and we all take an oath to follow the law. ” Judge Nan Waller, Multnomah County Circuit Court’s presiding judge, sent an email to court staffers warning them not to impede federal officials. But she also wrote that she informed federal officials to treat the courthouse as a “sensitive location. ” The actions by this Portland “judge” is yet another example of government officials acting on their own hook to frustrate immigration officers. For a few examples, in what was described as an unusual move, a federal judge stepped outside his venue and issued orders to block the White House travel order on February 3.  Judge James L. Robart, a federal judge in Washington State, granted a nationwide emergency order blocking the president’s Jan. 25 Executive Order restricting immigration travel, declaring the order unconstitutional. In another example, the Dallas, Texas, school District decided to afford “sanctuary” status to their facilities to deny ICE officials any access to students. Further, only a week ago, bureaucrats leaked an “incomplete” report critical of the Jan. 25 Executive Order putting a temporary halt to immigration from a list of seven   countries flagged by the Obama administration. The leak led to stories in the media insisting that the Department of Homeland Security was at odds with the White House on the travel order. Americans for Limited Government President Rick Manning claimed that the leaks should spark the president to cut up to 20 percent of the federal workforce. “By now it should be abundantly clear   …     that there are Obama administration holdovers in the 1. 3 million   civilian federal workforce who have no other intention than to politically damage the White House,” Manning said. Finally, just prior to the 2016 presidential election, Obama’s Border Patrol was accused of fudging statistics in order to help Hillary Clinton win the election by obscuring the fact that a record number of illegals had crossed the border in 2016. Brandon Judd, Border Patrol agent and president of the National Border Patrol Council, condemned the leadership of the Border Patrol’s parent agency, Customs and Border Protection (CBP) for allegedly “keeping this information secret” ahead of the 2016 U. S. presidential election. Follow Warner Todd Huston on Twitter @warnerthuston or email the author at igcolonel@hotmail. com."
"Crowds gathered in London’s Trafalgar Square Thursday night to express solidarity with those killed and injured in Wednesday’s Westminster terror attack. [Londoners and tourists stood together in a candlelit vigil, listening to public figures including London Mayor Sadiq Khan and Home Secretary Amber Rudd pay tribute to the victims, especially slain police officer Keith Palmer.  “This a time to express our gratitude to the heroism of our police officers and emergency services who ran towards danger to help, and at the same time they encouraged others to run for safety,” Mr. Khan said. Meanwhile, Ms. Rudd paid tribute to “courageous and brave” PC Palmer, who was stabbed to death by attacker Khalid Masood. “I know that all officers of the Met are like that and in my experience, so are all policemen,” she said. “I want us to say thank you to them all for the great sacrifice and risks they take to keep us safe. ”  "
"American Ambassador to the United Nations Nikki Haley referred to Syrian dictator Bashar   as a “war criminal” guilty of “disgusting” actions against his people, insisting Syrian citizens “don’t want Assad anymore. ”[Noting that the United States would not necessarily accept Assad running in a free and fair Syrian presidential election, she expressed faith that Assad would lose against a reasonable alternative candidate. “It’s that we don’t think the people want Assad anymore we don’t think that he is going to be someone that the people want to have,” she said on Monday. Assad won   in 2014 with 88. 7 percent of the vote, in an election   of State John Kerry called a “sham. ”  Haley noted that the Trump administration had “no love for Assad” and accused him of violating international law. “We think that he has been a hindrance to peace for a long time. He’s a war criminal,” she said. “What he’s done to his people is nothing more than disgusting. ” Last week, Haley told reporters that removing Assad from power was not “a priority” for the U. S. government, which led some in the media to question whether U. S. policy had shifted more in favor of Assad than in the past. “You pick and choose your battles,” Haley had said, “And when we’re looking at this, it’s about changing up priorities and our priority is no longer to sit and focus on getting Assad out. ” Haley described discussions on whether the United States should actively remove Assad to be “been there, done that” failures. On Monday, Haley clarified that America does have a priority in Syria outside of removing Assad: defeating the Islamic State (ISIS). “Our goal is to do what we need to defeat ISIS. I don’t know that our goal is to talk to Assad in doing that,” Haley said. “Right now, Assad is not our number one person to talk to. ” Following Haley’s statements last week, Secretary of State Rex Tillerson appeared to toe the same line during his visit to Turkey. “I think the   …       status of President Assad will be decided by the Syrian people,” he told a reporter who asked him to comment on Haley’s remarks on Syria. The Turkish government has called for Assad’s ouster since shortly after the beginning of the Syrian Civil War, with President Recep Tayyip Erdogan repeatedly referring to Assad as a “terrorist. ” Haley’s more recent condemnation of the Assad regime preceded by some hours a gruesome attack on a community in Idlib province, Syria, Tuesday morning, in which between 58 and more than one hundred people were killed. Casualty estimates from NGOs on the ground have varied significantly. The victims exhibited signs of being attacked with sarin gas, a chemical weapon banned by international laws of war. After the bombing of entire neighborhoods, allegedly with a chemical agent, aircraft flew over the hospitals and clinics treating the victims, conducting airstrikes on them. The Syrian government has not taken responsibility for the attack. The Syrian state news agency SANA instead published a denial of involvement from the Russian government, Assad’s closest international ally. “The Defense Minister has strongly dismissed another fake by Reuters Russian planes allegedly bombed Khan Shaikhoun, [Idlib]” the statement read. “Russian planes carried out no strikes in the area of Khan Shaikhoun. ” The incident has triggered international condemnation, with some Western powers calling for an emergency U. N. Security Council meeting to address the incident. The White House issued a statement calling the bombings “heinous actions” and highlighting the inaction by the Obama administration in light of previous human rights violations by the Assad regime. Assad reportedly still possesses chemical weapons despite the Obama administration’s calling the use of such weapons a “red line” in 2012. Assad has since been accused of using the weapons on multiple occasions, and his officials have mocked the statement, with little response from the White House. Before leaving office, President Barack Obama said he did not “regret at all” calling the use of chemical weapons a “red line” and not acting on that statement."
"The chairman of the House Oversight and Government Reform Committee told a Thursday forum at the   watchdog Judicial Watch that starting April 1 his committee and staff will hold President Donald Trump and his administration accountable for producing requested documents. [“I would hope the new president would get more aggressive and demand that these departments and agencies provide the documents that Congress is seeking,” said Rep. Jason Chaffetz ( ) who took over the committee at the start of the previous session of Congress. “I don’t think they are off to a good start. ”  Up until the end of March, the chairman said he indulged the Trump administration’s need to settle in, he said. The chairman was careful to note that regarding new requests the committee sent to the administration, the response has been prompt and cooperative, such as with inquiries into the Government Services Administration lease of the Old Post Office building to the Trump Organization, now operating the Trump International Hotel there. “That was disposed of right on time. ” Chaffetz said that all requests to the President Barack Obama administration are still active, and before the inauguration, he sent a letter to   White House Counsel Donald McGahn informing him that he expected the Trump administration to have a better record complying with congressional requests than Obama’s. “We expect these to be fulfilled. ” The problem is that many of the same people who obstructed congressional inquiries before Jan. 20 are still in place after Jan. 20, he said. “The   appointees, who were giving us the stiff arm in the past and they’re giving us the stiff arm now. ” There is now a culture of   and uncooperativeness inside the executive branch that has to change, he said. “It is just stunning the creativity and reluctance to provide a basic document, and I have not seen anything change in the first   days,” he said. “We are still in court over Fast and Furious,” he said. “Fast and Furious was this   scheme, where the administration, knowingly and willingly, gave the drug cartels nearly 2, 000 weapons. They did this on purpose. Really bad idea. ” Chaffetz went on to say: Instead of showing us the documents and showing us the information and coming clean on what they admit was a really bad operation that led to the death of an untold number of people —  you had the attorney general himself personally —  I am foreshadowing here because we have not released this —  almost on a daily basis, personally get involved in exactly what they were going to provide to Congress, not provide Congress, as he personally on a daily basis went out there to try to manipulate the truth. That attorney general was Eric Holder. Another example of one of the committee’s open investigations is the Sept. 11, 2012 attacks on American personnel and facilities in Benghazi, Libya, he said. In that case, the Utah congressman said a Utah National Guardsman spoke to him privately about his tour of duty in Libya that ended shortly before the attacks. Chaffetz said he arranged to meet the soldier in a Secured Compartmented Intelligence Facility, or SCIF, in Utah. After that conversation, the congressman went to Libya himself to check out the situation. “It was not the safest decision I ever made,” he said. Security personnel would not allow him to sleep overnight at the American embassy in Tripoli. “I got back, and I started to pepper the administration,” he said. When Chaffetz returned, Obama administration officials repeatedly mislead him about facts on the ground there, seemingly unaware that the congressman had learned the facts on the ground there by being there himself. “They were in total denial,” he said. “Almost every single fact that I learned there they denied. ” The frustrations dealing with the Obama White House were not just political, but also institutional, he said. There is an inherent conflict of interest when the House of Representatives must rely on the executive, the Department of Justice, to enforce its subpoenas and prosecute individuals working in the executive branch. Most times, requests to the executive are dead letters until Congress or a   such Judicial Watch, convinces a judge to order the bureaucrats to comply, he said. “It shouldn’t have to be that way,” he said. Watch the full presentation by Rep. Jason Chaffetz ( ) at Judicial Watch: "
"Donald Trump ran and won on a platform summarized by the slogan America First. [Donald Trump campaigned on a promise of no more wars of choice: no military interventions to liberate other countries, to intervene in   “humanitarian” crusades, to force regime change, to coercively spread democracy, or to take sides in other people’s wars or civil wars.   In summation, our military would be used only in the defense of our own country or our closest allies. This was the promise. This was the commitment to the American people made over and over again. It was contrasted with the same old, same old, discredited, interventionist policies embodied first by Jeb Bush, and most of Trump’s primary adversaries, and later by Hillary Clinton.  Donald Trump offered Americans a clear, unequivocal choice: America would no longer be policeman of the world. Her sons and daughters would no longer spill their blood in far away countries for causes not directly and plainly tied to our own national security. As we have seen, in humankind’s history, there is no end to atrocities, massacres, and bloodletting. The Middle East, in particular, is an   cauldron of fratricide. Certainly, all people and all nations have an interest in promoting peace and an end to the killing. But it does not follow that the people of the United States should put their safety, their security, and their own people at risk to militarily interfere in these intractable conflicts, however brutal and heinous they may be. Have we learned nothing at all from our disastrous and costly military involvement of the recent sixteen years? There is no sure way to know which belligerent used poison gas on its enemies, with the resulting horrific effects on the civilian population. We have heard the vaunted ‘government assurances’ before. Excuse this citizen of skepticism. Here is what we do know for sure: civil wars end when one side wins. Period. The longer the wars drag on, the more people are harmed, brutalized, and killed. The longer the war, the higher the civilian casualties. If we seek to lessen the horror, it is counterproductive to escalate the violence. It is a simple concept: first, do no harm.  Starting wars always seems justified in the moment. The problem is that no one knows what will happen next and no one ever knows how or when it will end. The cost in blood and treasure is inevitably greater than anyone ever thinks.  Then, there’s the question of selective outrage. Saudi Arabian warplanes have been relentlessly bombing civilian areas in Yemen for months. At least 15, 000 have been killed. Where are the images of these dead and mutilated children? Where is CNN’s outrage with her sanctimonious celebrity pundits calling for regime change in Riyadh? Why hasn’t President Trump initiated a cruise missile attack on a Saudi airbase? The question must be asked. If the United States militarily intervenes in Syria, effectively taking one barbarous side over the other, what is the effect on our own national security? Is it in the interest of the American people to further undermine any chance of constructive engagement with Russia? Is it to our advantage to return to a   War with all the existential risks which may follow? Exactly why should the American people put their own country and their own children at greater risk?  A week ago, President Trump reiterated he is “not president of the world. ” Previously he took an oath to defend and protect the U. S. Constitution  —   not the UN charter or some vague,   internationalist creed.  The Syrian Civil War is not America’s war. It was raging all during the presidential primaries and the election of ’16. We saw the devastation of Aleppo in the weeks before Election Day. It was all over the headlines. Trump made it abundantly clear that he would not intervene. On the other hand, Clinton advocated arming the ‘rebels’ and the risky enforcement of U. S.  imposed   zones over Syria, effectively putting U. S. warplanes in   proximity to Russian, Turkish, and Syrian fighter jets. What could possibly go wrong? The American people elected Trump. The message was loud and clear. Keep out. Stay out. It’s not our war.  But yesterday, we heard the president justifying a military attack with words that could have been spoken by Hillary Clinton. Did we have an election or didn’t we? President Trump has a choice. He can stay the course he set in the campaign, in his inaugural speech and in the first days of his presidency, keeping America First. Or, he can succumb to the selective hysteria of the Corporate Media, to his most ardent critics, to the omnipresent chorus of NeverTrump Republicans and to the beltway’s permanent war party to choose the path of America Last. Ron Maxwell is the   of the movie, Gettysburg."
"LONDON (AP)  —   London’s fire department posted photos of Adele meeting with firefighters to offer support following a devastating fire in the borough that is believed to have killed 79 people. [It posted the pictures on Twitter on Tuesday, showing the singer posing with firefighters in front of their engine at the Chelsea fire station. Adele had a cup of tea with the firefighters Monday and thanked them for their efforts in battling the fire at the   Grenfell Tower.  “She just turned up at the station and knocked on the window and said she has some cakes for us,” station manager Ben King said. “So we opened the door to her and then she took her sunglasses off and said: ‘Hi, I’m Adele. ’” Adele enjoyed a cup of tea with Chelsea firefighters yesterday and thanked them for their work. We are so humbled by everyone’s support pic. twitter.   —   London Fire Brigade (@LondonFire) June 20, 2017,  London has rallied behind firefighters with a mixture of awe and support after the blaze. Flames engulfed the building in less than an hour early on June 14, trapping many residents. Firefighters tried to save as many as they could. “We are so humbled by everyone’s support,” the London Fire Brigade tweeted. Firefighter Rob Petty posted the photographs of the Hello singer on Facebook. “Not everyday the wonderfully grounded and caring Adele pops into Chelsea Firestation for a cup of tea and a cuddle x,” he wrote."
"Despite coming second and increasing his number of MPs by a third, much of the media Thursday morning claimed Geert Wilders and his brand of populism had been “crushed” in the Netherlands. [Mr. Wilders and his Party for Freedom won 33 per cent more seats than at the last election, with his rival, the   Prime Minister Mark Rutte and his VVD party losing 25 per cent of theirs.  “Well done to our liberal allies @VVD and @D66 in Dutch elections. Looks like a victory for liberalism over politics of fear and division,” tweeted Tim Farron, leader of the UK’s Liberal Democrat party. Well done to our liberal allies @VVD and @D66 in Dutch elections. Looks like a victory for liberalism over politics of fear and division,  —   Tim Farron (@timfarron) March 16, 2017,  The   EFinancial Times declared: “Voters crush the hopes of populist Geert Wilders as Prime Minister Mark Rutte looks certain to win. ” One of their own reporters and columnists, however, saw it differently. “Kinda odd that an election in which a   party comes 2nd  the winner aped its rhetoric is hailed as triumph 4 moderates,” tweeted Tom Nuttall. Mr. Nuttall is not the first to point out how Mr. Wilders has influenced political discourse in the Netherlands. One week before the vote, the mainstream conservative party demanded all school children sing and “respect” the national anthem. In January, Mr. Rutte published an open letter calling for a return to “common decency” and demanding migrants “act normal”. “If you don’t like it here in this country, get out, get out!” he added. Yet, at a victory party in The Hague last night, Mr. Rutte hailed his win as an example of voters saying “no to the wrong sort of populism”. BBC News reporters swallowed this line, claiming Mr. Rutte had “comprehensively” defeated Mr. Wilders and “bucked the trend” of rising populism in the West, despite Mr. Wilders’ significant gains. However, if Marine Le Pen can also increase her vote by 33 per cent in next month’s French presidential elections, she would jump from around 18 per cent to nearly a quarter, and would almost certainly secure a place in the second round of voting. Mr. Wilders sought to represent the result differently to Mr. Rutte and the media. Writing in an email to campaign supporters, the PVV leader reflected: We were the third biggest party, but now we are the second biggest party in the Dutch Parliament and a major political force. I promise you: Next time we will be first! The genie cannot be put back in the bottle. I assure you: We will not stop trying to save our beautiful country, the Netherlands, our European civilization and our Western freedoms."
"Pop superstar Katy Perry has produced a public service announcement that asks, following the election of Donald Trump, “Is history repeating itself? ”[According to Billboard, the video produced by the “Firework” singer features a “  Hina Khan, an actress of Pakistani descent,” covered in prosthetic makeup, a wig, and a blanket, reciting the true story of    California native Haru Kuromiya, whose family was forced into an internment camp during World War Two.  Democratic President Franklin Roosevelt signed the War Department’s blanket Executive Order 9066 in January 1942, authorizing the removal of all Japanese Americans from their homes and into internment camps. “Our Constitutional rights were taken away from us. It all started with fear and rumors. Then, it ballooned into the registration of Japanese Americans, and then labeling with physical tags, and eventually, internment,” she says in the   video posted on YouTube.  Hahn then removes the makeup and reveals her true identity. Perry was an outspoken Hillary Clinton supporter throughout the presidential campaign. Clinton leaned on the   to court young voters throughout her campaign, with Perry performing in Philadelphia just days before Election Day, and again, just hours before Clinton’s loss had become obvious. Editor’s note: This story has been updated to correct the claim that Perry appeared in the video. Follow Jerome Hudson on Twitter: @JeromeEHudson."
"On the Wednesday edition of Breitbart News Daily, broadcast live on SiriusXM Patriot Channel 125 from 6AM to 9AM Eastern, Breitbart    Alex Marlow will continue our discussion of the first 100 days of the Trump administration. [Frank Gaffney of the Center for Security Policy will discuss Trump’s foreign policy scorecard for his first 100 days.  Peter Schweizer, author of the bestselling book Clinton Cash and President of the Government Accountability Institute, will evaluate Trump’s progress in draining the D. C. swamp. Kristan Hawkins, the president of Students for Life of America, will assess Trump’s   scorecard in the first 100 days, as well as Students for Life’s #Sockit2PP campaign. Economist Stephen Moore will discuss Trump’s tax reform overhaul. Beverly Hallberg, the president and founder of District Media Group, will discuss Ivanka Trump’s trip to Berlin. Live from London, Rome, and Jerusalem, Breitbart correspondents will provide updates on the latest international news. Breitbart News Daily is the first live, conservative radio enterprise to air seven days a week. SiriusXM Vice President for news and talk Dave Gorab called the show “the conservative news show of record. ” Follow Breitbart News on Twitter for live updates during the show. Listeners may call into the show at:   ."
"The weekly newspaper linked to the     in the Arabian Peninsula (AQAP) Al Masra, featured President Donald Trump’s chief strategist and former Breitbart News executive chairman Steve Bannon on its front page, in a column claiming Bannon is seeking war against “Islamic fascism. ”[According to a translation from Quartz:  The article claims that Bannon wants armed struggle —  that he believes that “the forces of Islam cannot be stopped by peaceful means,” citing a conversation a Danish journalist says he had with Bannon in May 2016 (likely referring to this article). Before becoming advisor to the president, Bannon did refer to conflict with Islam, telling an audience at the Vatican via Skype in 2014: “We’re now, I believe at the beginning stages of global war against Islamic fascism. ” During his time hosting the Sirius XM radio show Breitbart News Daily and its predecessor, Bannon regularly condemned the terrorist group. The AQAP publication has returned the favor. In November 2016, the Al Masra published a lengthy article chastising Bannon and Breitbart News as “racist. ” “He has already published racist titles against women, Jews, and Muslims. Bannon has changed Breitbart website into   forum for   groups who believes in the white race supremacy and ” reported Al Masra, warning that Bannon would bring “white race supremacy” into the White House. Some   critics in the press and social media, who would likely find the label “Islamic extremist” offensive, are saying that   is using Bannon’s picture to recruit potential recruits to its cause. The   AQAP publication has also criticized President Donald Trump and America as a whole. In October, Al Masra noted that   candidate Donald Trump, who is “famous for   Muslim attitude,” would cause an increase in  . S. sentiment from Muslims if elected president. U. S. officials describe AQAP as the most dangerous branch of  . While a U. S.  coalition in Yemen led by Saudi Arabia has primarily focused on   Shiite Houthi rebels, AQAP has flourished."
"Former New Hampshire Republican senator Kelly Ayotte told Breitbart News it is not true that Judge Neil Gorsuch would not meet with Senate Democrats while he paid visits to senators after President Donald Trump nominated him Feb. 1 to serve on the Supreme Court. [“Judge Gorsuch met with 80 senators,” said Ayotte, who was asked by the White House to shepherd Gorsuch through her old workplace, where she served with all but seven of the senators expected to vote on the Gorsuch nomination before the end of the week.  The Nevada Independent reported Thursday that Democratic freshman Sen. Catherine   said Gorsuch dodged meeting with her: “Unfortunately, after requesting a meeting with the Judge for several weeks, he has refused to honor this request,” Cortez Masto said. “The U. S. Constitution has entrusted the Senate with the role of advising the President on the highest court of the land and in refusing to meet with me, he has disrespected our nation’s founding principles and pillars core to our democratic institutions. ” Ayotte said she and her staff reached out to every senator, both Republican and Democrat, about meeting the judge nominated to replace Justice Antonin Scalia. “As for Senator Cortez Masto? We reached out to her beginning in February,” Ayotte said. The former senator said  ’s scheduler told her that the Nevada senator was unavailable for a month. Ayotte said that, while the judge is spending time with his family pending his potential ascension to the high court, if there were still Senate Democrats looking to speak with Gorsuch before the vote, she would attempt to make it happen. Monday, the Senate Judiciary Committee voted along party lines   to approve the nomination and move the nomination to the Senate floor."
"The German press, together with establishment politicians, Germany’s police, and   international news agencies have railed against Breitbart London’s reporting of an   crowd, many of whom were chanting ‘Allahu Akbar’ and firing fireworks at one of the oldest churches in Dortmund on New Year’s Eve. [The headlines  —   which lean on the establishment media’s new “fake news” trope  —   fail to reflect that reporting from some of the very same outlets now blasting Breitbart News confirmed almost every substantive fact about the Breitbart London report on the issue: there were 1, 000, mostly male, mostly   German people gathered in the Leeds Square there were repeated chants of “Allahu Akbar” the ‘Free Syrian Army’ flag was flown and there was a fire at the St. Reinold’s Church caused by the fireworks. The only correction Breitbart London is happy to make is the age of the church, which does not constitute a substantive error in our reporting.  The “fake news” claims rely on a few points of apparent contention: the size of the mob in question, the religion of the men involved, the age of the church involved, and the size of the fire caused. One witness of the event  —   Peter Bandermann from the   Ruhr Nachricthen (RN) website  —   refused to assist Breitbart London in the reporting of the event, despite reporting it at length himself. Long before any of the controversy surrounding this story began Breitbart London approached RN, offering to buy a licence for the pictures they had taken. Mr. Bandermann’s Ruhr Nachricthen  —   contrary to what most publications and journalists might do in a situation like this  —   refused to sell the story and its accompanying pictures to Breitbart News. The effect of journalists refusing, on ideological grounds, to ensure stories are reported across the international press is both a sign of a partisan media, but also protects criminals, police ineffectiveness, and failing state policies. This tactic, usually reserved for   news outlets like Russia Today or TeleSUR, are becoming more commonplace in the West, especially in Germany. ILLEGAL FIREWORKS, One of the major points of contention raised in the “fake news” reports by AFP, the Guardian, the Independent, POLITICO, the Huffington Post, and   papers like Bild, Die Welt, and Deustche Welle is the size of the mob on the night in question. In a report about police preparations for unrest they anticipated on New Year’s Eve, and which specifically mentioned the events of New Year’s Eve 2015 in Cologne, RN itself reported on December 22nd: “The police have the task, among other things, to counter the emergence of aggressive gatherings of people,” including comments about the “abstract high risk of terrorism” expected. In   they claim, fireworks were shot in public in Cologne  —   which experienced another major incident initially played down by the police and mainstream media  —   and in Dortmund in areas of the city centre that prohibit the use of rocket and other pyrotechnic objects. The police clearly failed in their attempts to stop this happening again, and are now lashing out against news organisations like Breitbart News for drawing attention to the matter. Mr. Bandermann’s report states there were “Pyrotechnics thrown into crowds and at policemen” describing scenes where fireworks were aimed at homeless people. According to RN, people were “seriously injured” and police described the culprits as “with and without migrant backgrounds”. A video uploaded to the RN live blog of the night clearly shows a large mob of people recklessly releasing fireworks at buildings and each other. The video cuts to a group of men chanting “Syria” while dancing with the flag flown by the Free Syrian Army  —   a group noted even by the Washington Post to have had extreme levels of desertion to the Islamic State. This, remember, is Ruhr Nachtrichten’s own reporting. 1, 000 PEOPLE IN THE SQUARE, Video evidence shows almost no signs of   revellers in what was happening in Dortmund on New Year’s Eve, despite RN reporting that many in the square were “peaceful”. What counts as “peaceful” should also be called into question, given that many of the participants were not firing fireworks themselves, but rather, egging those who were doing so on. Parallels can be drawn with a protest that took place in the United Kingdom recently, where police and media reported “peace” and “calm” despite protesters smashing up police cars and shutting down roads. Expectations, as RN reported in late December, have changed from just a few years ago, and therefore the frames of reference have been altered. Despite video evidence from RN  —   edited by RN themselves  —   suggesting otherwise, another substantive claim against Breitbart London’s reporting on the matter is that the number of people was grossly overestimated.  Again, these claims came from the same German news outlets that are now describing our reporting as “fake news”. The RN live blog reported: “At 11. 45 pm, at least 1, 000 mostly young men gathered at the square of Leeds in the center of Dortmund. At times there was risky handling of pyrotechnics. Rockets were held and fired with bare hands instead of being positioned safely on the ground. Several unknowns hurled bomber [fireworks] at policemen and fired pyrotechnics into the crowd, in which there were families with children. The police asked the crowd not to fire bombers and rockets into the crowd. Speaker announcements were ignored, however.   policemen followed several men, who were then arrested and searched”. Again, this was not conjecture or “exaggeration” by Breitbart London. These are the words of the RN correspondent on the ground. Mr. Bandermann took to RN for a QA to clarify his reporting from the night, where he began with describing the evening’s events as “no picnic” and explains: “Between 18. 45 and 01. 30 hours, young foreign men in large and small groups traveled mostly through the city center. On the Leeds square [Dortmund] they formed a large group consisting of at least 1, 000 people. Pyrotechnics were thrown into the crowds and on policemen. At the main station, an unknown person fired on a homeless man and hurt him badly. The fire brigade had to put out burning scaffolding at the St. Reinold’s Church. There were no sexual assaults like a year ago in Cologne”. He adds, speaking of the “Allahu Akbar” shouts on the night: “Allahu Akbar” stands for “God is great” in Islam. This statement is as normal in the Muslim faith as the “Amen” in the Church. However: terrorists abuse “Allahu Akbar” calls [during] attacks. In reality, “Allahu Akbar” is a both a submissive statement to Allah as well as a war cry used to express the supremacy of Allah over all other gods and religions. Contrast this with our own reporting: At New Year’s Eve celebrations in Dortmund a mob of more than 1, 000 men chanted ‘Allahu Akhbar’ launched fireworks at police, and set fire to a historic church. Already by 7 pm a man was hospitalised with   burns to his face and hands after fireworks were hurled at a group of homeless people outside the city’s main train station. More than two dozen people were injured at festivities in Dortmund, some seriously. The events of the night were described as “quiet” by police in a statement, and as “normal” by a spokesman for the city government. Even the   news organisation notes, in a section entitled: “In Dortmund the scaffolding of a church burned”: . ”. .1, 000   guests tried a rematch of the Cologne chaos of 2015. They fought battles with police, fireworks put the scaffolding of Reinoldikirche on fire, firefighters and rescue workers were hampered and the IS battle cry “Allahu akbar!” was chanted. ” THE FIRE AT THE CHURCH, Much of the media’s outcry over Breitbart News reports emanates from the scale of the fire at St. Reinold’s Church. Breitbart News is happy to correct one small part of its reporting of this incident. We referred to the church as “Germany’s oldest church”. In truth, while indeed an old church, this accolade belongs to the Cathedral of Trier. But the substance of the objections to our reporting is predicated, apparently, on the scale and nature of the fire.  No    sources dispute the fact there was a fire on the scaffolding of the roof of the church, which is what we reported. Instead however, the objection to our report is that because the fire was “small” and was put out by the emergency services within 12 minutes, it did not merit a mention in our reporting. To not report such a thing would itself be “fake news” in my mind  —   failing to mention a salient point as relevant as homeless people being hurt, or policemen and women being targeted. Again, the RN live blog states:  The fireworks lasted 45 minutes, although the burning of pyrotechnics in the immediate vicinity of churches is forbidden. There stands St. Reinold’s Church. With a ladder, the fire brigade had to push forward from the Kleppingstraße [street] to the roof of the church. A rocket set fire to a network of scaffolding. A small fire was quickly extinguished. And so the facts remain true: an ancient church’s roof, which scaffolding surrounded, was set alight, and without the quick thinking of the excessively deployed emergency services that night, this could have been a far worse incident. At the time we reported:  Despite the prohibition of lighting pyrotechnics near churches, firemen had to intervene after fireworks were launched at St Reinolds, Germany’s oldest church, setting the roof alight.  Even the Bild newspaper, which attacked Breitbart’s coverage of the event, described the events of the night using the headline: “FIRE AT THE REINOLDIKIRCHE [St. Reinold’s Church]” adding: “Shortly after midnight, some 1, 000 people, including many North Africans and Syrians, had gathered in the square of Leeds”. MUSLIM MIGRANTS RESPONSIBLE, Many of the articles attacking Breitbart News contain the word “Muslim” and “migrant”. These claims are both false and constitute a “strawman” argument on behalf of those who seek to damage the credibility of Breitbart News.  In fact, shortly after the headline was written I asked my deputies at Breitbart London if  —   given what we knew from video evidence, live blogs, and police statements  —   the headline would be more accurate if it said “Migrant Mob” rather than “  mob”. The answer I received back was that while police sources had identified North Africans in their statements, using the word “migrant” to describe all of the people present would not be accurate.  Despite this, outlets such as Mediaite, TeleSur, Sputnik, HuffPo, Media Matters, Deutsche Welle, the Washington Post and others decided to use words like “Muslim” “migrant” “Islam” “Arab” and “immigration” in their headlines or reporting on our story. Why? To stoke fears and division  —   and perhaps even to suggest that this behaviour would be somehow representative of all of the members of the aforementioned communities and backgrounds. That, to us, is the real “fake news” and “racism” and I am grateful that my journalists do not engage in that kind of  . THE POLICE AND POLITICAL COVER UP, Like the Rotherham rape scandal, the Hillsborough disaster, and even Cologne last year, police and politicians often collude in order to mask a true version of events that are inconvenient at best, or institutionally damning at worst.  Much of the establishment media’s stance on the Breitbart London reporting is reliant on the following:  “We shook our heads in  disbelief when we saw how this operation was politicized” said Gunnar Wortmann, a spokesman for the  Dortmund police.  The Washington Post added “by Breitbart” to his statement, outside of quotation marks, before burying at the bottom of their hit piece: “Police in Dortmund said that they did find the number of migrants gathered that night to be unusually high, but nevertheless described the evening as relatively calm”. Additionally, the state’s justice minister Eva   said that “the danger is that these stories spread with incredible speed and take on lives of their own”. Ms.   is a leading member of Angela Merkel’s Christian Democratic Union party. Mr. Wortmann’s bosses would have been cognisant of the sacking of police chief Wolfgang Albers after last year’s attacks in Cologne, from which there have only been a handful of convictions to date  —   perhaps another sign of a country being unable to appropriately address criminality. We also know that the new Berlin coalition government has  —   on the record  —   stated it would not be concerning itself with   or Islamist extremism, choosing instead to focus on the “far right” in a document published just weeks after the truck attack on a Berlin Christmas market which saw the culprit escape police and cross all the way to Italy before luckily being randomly stopped. In reality, there are few signs that the German state or its police forces have a grasp on a deteriorating crime situation in the country, underscored by statistics from the country’s own interior ministry that  —   as usual  —   saw little coverage in the international press. Further still it is evident in contradictory reports from RN and the police that while they regarded the situation in Dortmund as “normal” they did feel the need to deploy extra emergency services, create exclusion zones for fireworks, and indeed again, few arrests were made on the night. Video evidence (above) shows the police unable or unwilling to confront the large groups of men clearly breaking the law in the Leeds Square. WHO TO BELIEVE? Ultimately, this will be down to you, the readers.  As far as we at Breitbart News are concerned, we take the utmost care to present facts.  Many of these news outlets will no doubt be upset that it was in fact their own reporting that was used to back up the report by Breitbart London, and they are now lashing out in an attempt to distance themselves from a story which clearly damages their broader goal of fostering a mass migration, “multiculturalist” mindset.  If the discussion comes down to tone or editorial positions (such as what “Allahu Akbar” means) it is an argument the establishment media, replete with its own   biases, will struggle to win. Raheem Kassam is the Editor in Chief of Breitbart London"
"The French parliament has passed a formal ban on spanking children, bringing the global total to 52 different countries where such corporal punishment in homes is against the law. [The new law that went into effect for 2017 bans “any cruel, degrading or humiliating punishment, including any use of physical violence,” including spanking in the home.  In passing the new regulation, France has joined a long list of countries that have outlawed corporal punishment. Unsurprisingly, the first country to make spanking illegal was Sweden, in 1979, followed by Finland in 1983. The last to join the list before France in 2016 were Mongolia, Paraguay and Slovenia. The decision of the French parliament follows a symbolic reprimand by the Council of Europe in 2015 decrying France’s lack of a specific law “prohibiting corporal punishment in a clear, binding and precise way, including slaps and spankings, in breach of Article 17 of the European Charter of Social Rights. ” “To comply with Article 17, states’ domestic law must prohibit and penalize all forms of violence against children,” the Charter states, and the relevant provisions “must be sufficiently clear, binding and precise, so as to preclude the courts from refusing to apply them to violence against children. ” The legislation barring all corporal punishment reportedly relies on the opinion of a majority of psychologists that such forms of discipline are ineffective or counterproductive. Dr. Gustavo Pietropolli Charmet, a psychiatrist and chairman of the Italian   Help Center for Mistreated Children, said that laws prohibiting corporal punishment are useful because it has become clear that “the educational value of physical and moral pain is zero. ” Suffering “does not strengthen education and does not improve ” Charmet said. “In fact, it can create guilt, fear and vengeance. ” Commenters were quick to express their approval or disapproval with France’s decision. “Life also smacks us from time to time. Will we eliminate those as well? Useless psychologists,” wrote Giulio Francomanno. Another reader noted that spanking “anticipates the lesson that children will learn from life as they grow up, namely, that if you do not respect certain rules, there will be consequences. ” In February 2015, Pope Francis expressed his approval of parents who spank their kids, as long as it is carried out with respect for their dignity. His words drew a wave of reactions, both negative and positive, to the idea that corporal punishment is okay. “It is disappointing that anyone with that sort of influence would make such a comment,” said Peter Newell, the coordinator of the Global Alliance to End Corporal Punishment of Children. Despite the extensive debate regarding the value or detriment of corporal punishment, few have questioned the more problematic aspect of a creeping intromission of the state in the lives of families and their choice of how to educate their children. The Catholic Church teaches that the state should not interfere with parents’ education of children except in grave and extraordinary circumstances. “Since parents have given children their life, they are bound by the most serious obligation to educate their offspring and therefore must be recognized as the primary and principal educators,” Catholic doctrine states. Follow Thomas D. Williams on Twitter  Follow @tdwilliamsrome"
"WATCH: White House spokeswoman @SarahHuckabee responds to question if Pres. Trump accepts Director Comey’s wiretapping denial. pic. twitter.  Monday on ABC’s “Good Morning America,” White House spokeswoman Sarah Huckabee Sanders told host George Stephanopoulos that she did not “think” President Donald Trump accepted FBI director James Comey’s reported denial that the Obama administration had not wiretapped Trump Tower in New York City during the campaign.  “You know, I don’t think he does, George,” she said. “I think he firmly believes that this is a storyline that has been reported pretty widely by quite a few outlets. The wiretapping has been discussed in The New York Times, BBC, Fox News and we believe that it should be looked at by the House Intelligence Committee. ” Follow Jeff Poor on Twitter @jeff_poor"
"As the tumult continues over President Donald Trump’s executive order restricting travel from   nations  —   what the left is calling, incorrectly, the “Muslim ban”  —   few seem to have noticed that Trump has made several strategic gains. [Those gains are secure even though the courts have issued a temporary stay on the executive order even though the left is using protests to fundraise and mobilize political support and even if the order is eventually revised to be more lenient.  The first and most important thing that Trump has done is put the world on notice that the United States is now serious about preventing terrorism from reaching our shores. The commotion and outrage at the nation’s airports, predominantly in liberal cities, has generated massive international publicity and will, by itself, act as a deterrent to at least some   jihadists. The second achievement is that even though President Trump’s executive order is not a “Muslim ban”  —   indeed, it does not even cover 87 percent of the world’s Muslims  —   it turns out to be useful for people to think that it is. Yes, the left is lying yes, a “Muslim ban” is more difficult to defend, politically. But the taboo against addressing radical Islam, and Muslim societies, as the source of the terror problem has been shattered  —   permanently. And, ironically, the more the left makes false claims of a “Muslim ban,” the more it suits the ultimate purpose of putting pressure on the Islamic world to confront its own demons. The third achievement is that Trump has restored the credibility of American power. He delivered on a campaign promise  —   and in an unexpected way. That emphasizes that Trump means what he says  —   and, at the same time, that he is unpredictable. (No more Obama “red lines” that aren’t.) Ironically  —   again  —   the more the left rants about Trump being some kind of maniac, the more that helps. We want our enemies to fear us. Whatever the other merits or flaws of the “Muslim ban,” we are clawing our way back to geostrategic advantage. The left does not understand that. For once, their mendacious dishonesty is useful. Joel B. Pollak is Senior    at Breitbart News. He was named one of the “most influential” people in news media in 2016. His new book, How Trump Won: The Inside Story of a Revolution, is available from Regnery. Follow him on Twitter at @joelpollak."
"A new report suggests that the mere threat of President Donald Trump’s executive order to investigate abuses to American workers due to the   visa is making U. S. companies rethink their hiring practices. [In a piece by POLITICO, the news agency noted that since Trump’s order demanding a “full legal review” into the   foreign guest worker visa by the Departments of Homeland Security (DHS) Justice (DOJ) and Labor (DOL) some companies are considering hiring more American workers.  “Businesses that use foreign workers, worried they’ll get singled out by federal agents during a visa review, are starting to explore the possibility of recruiting domestic labor,” POLITICO stated in the report. As mentioned by NumbersUSA’s Jeremy Beck, the move by U. S. companies directly contradicts the open border lobby’s and tech industry’s longtime claim that there are not enough   Americans to fill jobs in the country. According to Beck, the   visa “has become part of the domestic hiring problem,” with big businesses and outsourcing firms often times using the foreign guest worker visa to fire American workers and have them train their foreign replacements, who end up costing the business less in compensation. Trump’s legal review will include tracking down abuses within the   visa program where more than 85, 000 Americans are either replaced or passed over for jobs by foreign nationals. While immigration hawks and American worker advocates praised Trump’s move to investigate the   visa and its negative impacts, the U. S. Chamber of Commerce, which supports amnesty for illegal immigrants, panned the executive order, as Breitbart Texas reported. If the   visa program had never been introduced and enacted, computer science job availability in the labor market would be up 11 percent and wages in the tech industry would have increased by five percent, Breitbart News reported. John Binder is a reporter for Breitbart Texas. Follow him on Twitter at @JxhnBinder."
"On Monday morning, the day after armed attackers struck a mosque in stringently   Quebec, New York Times columnist Thomas Friedman told CNN’s Chris Cuomo that President Trump should forget the immigration suspension and pass gun control if he really wants to keep Americans safe. [Friedman’s comments came hours after the 23rd Screen Actors Guild awards turned into a   and tearfest where the Hollywood Reporter quoted actors such as Ashton Kutcher declaring himself a “citizen of the world” and SAG viewers saying that people from all nations are welcome in U. S.  In a similar tone, Friedman told CNN’s Cuomo that there are “65 million migrants and refugees on the road today. ” He suggested they are fleeing collapsing countries and said one would expect a U. S President “to get his Commerce Department to weigh in on   …     the commercial implications. ” He added that one would also expect “his secretary of state to weigh in on what are diplomatic implications [and] his secretary of defense to weigh in on the strategic implications” before putting any immigration suspension into place. Friedman then criticized Trump, saying he “trucked in fear on many fronts” and then “quickly” issued the immigration suspension as a way to “show his supporters that he was living up to his [campaign] promise. ” Friedman went on to give numerous reasons why he opposes a suspension intended to slow immigration from countries that are hotbeds for terrorism. Alisyn Camerata said, “This is a very aggressive solution to a problem that doesn’t exist. ” Friedman concurred, then claimed that refugees from the seven countries targeted by Trump —  Iran, Iraq, Syria, Sudan, Libya, Yemen, and Somalia —  have not committed acts of terror in the U. S. and that if Trump is really worried about security, he should look to more gun control instead. He said: You know what would actually make me feel more secure as an American is if someone who is on our own terror watch list in America —  so much so that they cannot board an airplane in this country without being checked —  couldn’t buy an “assault weapon. ”   …     That would actually make me feel better. Friedman suggested the pursuit of an immigration suspension, instead of gun control tied to terror watch lists, proves the whole push is “fraudulent. ” Friedman did not mention that the San Bernardino terror attackers who killed 14 innocents on December 2, 2015, were not on the terror watch list. The Orlando Pulse attacker who killed 49 innocents on June 12, 2016, was not on the terror watch list, either. However, CNN reports that Senator Ted Kennedy’s ( .) name was inadvertently added to a related list for a time, as was Representative John Lewis’ ( ) name. Such imprecision drove The Huffington Post to mock the idea of using the list as a gun control tool. AWR Hawkins is the Second Amendment columnist for Breitbart News and host of “Bullets with AWR Hawkins,” a Breitbart News podcast. He is also the political analyst for Armed American Radio. Follow him on Twitter: @AWRHawkins. Reach him directly at awrhawkins@breitbart. com."
"Protesters at Evergreen State College are reportedly roaming campus with baseball bats, according to photos and videos circulating on social media. [Professor Bret Weinstein, who has received calls for his resignation after he refused to participate in what the New York Times called “a day of racial segregation,” has shared video and photos allegedly of Evergreen students roaming campus with baseball bats.  Credible reports protestors   bats roaming campus for 2 days. People hit, won’t report. @heathereheying students  I warned @GovInslee   pic. twitter.   —   Bret Weinstein (@BretWeinstein) June 5, 2017,  Weinstein claims that he warned Washington Governor Jay Inslee about the security issues at Evergreen, but it is unclear if Inslee returned Weinstein’s message. The College Fix reports an administrator from the college released a memo instructing students to get rid of the bats immediately. Dear RAD Students, We are aware of a small group of students coordinating a community patrol of housing and campus. We acknowledge and understand the fear and concerns that are motivating these actions. We also understand that these students are seeking to provide an alternative source of safety from external entities as well as those community members who they distrust. Community patrols can be a useful tool for helping people to feel safe, however the use of bats or similar instruments is not productive. Some members of this group have been observed carrying batons   bats. Carrying bats is causing many to feel unsafe and intimidated. The bats must be put away immediately in order to protect all involved.   participating in this activity are advised to leave campus. Another video allegedly shows a student roaming the campus with a baseball bat. (1:40 mark).  Tom Ciccotta is a libertarian who writes about economics and higher education for Breitbart News. You can follow him on Twitter @tciccotta or email him at tciccotta@breitbart. com"
"The newly appointed Environmental Protection Agency Administrator Scott Pruitt will welcome President Donald Trump to the massive EPA government building on Tuesday. The president will then sign an executive order that will start rolling back the   Clean Power Plan. [Trump’s executive order will be another major step for Pruitt’s effort to restore the EPA to its limited authorities.  “We’re going to roll it back, those things that were unlawful, we’re going to roll back those things that were an overreach, we’re going to roll back the steps taken by the previous administration,” Pruitt said in an interview with Breitbart News inside his office at the EPA federal building in Washington D. C. The enormous federal building is right across the street from the Old Post Office building, recently renovated into the Trump International Hotel. Trump’s entry in the building will likely trigger renewed sadness for some agency bureaucrats who were reportedly in tears after Trump won the election. In February, sources speaking to Inside EPA suggested that demoralized employees would be unlikely to attend an event with Trump and Pruitt, as they were deeply dissatisfied over the administration’s proposed changes the agency. Trump’s budget outline, released earlier this month, threatened to slash the department’s funding by 31 percent. The executive order will not only order a review of the Clean Power Plan but also change   executive orders on climate change and carbon emissions regulations, a dramatic change from Obama’s legacy that prioritized a regulatory agenda. But Pruitt feels energized by the president’s visit, kicking off a set of new priorities for the agency that he believes lost its way in the Obama years. As Trump’s EPA administrator, Prutt will also sign a series of rules and procedures during the president’s visit to reform the agency. Rescinding the Clean Power Plan, Pruitt explained was “a snapshot of the future” of how the Trump administration would approach regulatory reform. Under the Obama administration, Pruitt said that the oil, coal, and natural gas industries were under federal “regulatory assault,” which killed energy jobs around the country. “I think the greatest impediment we’ve had on economic growth is regulatory uncertainty,” he said. Trump, he explained, understood that the regulatory process had become so tangled that it was difficult for companies to invest and grow. Pruitt’s philosophy is an example of the Trump administration’s goal to dismantle the federal government’s overbearing bureaucracy, for the sake of boosting economic growth. “We have situations here, and this is not just unique to the EPA, it’s other agencies at the federal level as well that do permitting, where it takes eight or nine years to get a permit to do something,” he said. “Well that’s not a decision, that’s obstructionism. ” Pruitt explained that he wanted to restore confidence among businesses and workers in the energy industry, particularly in coal, natural gas, and oil. “Agencies at the federal level are part of the executive branch, they exist to enforce the law, not make the law,” he said. Pruitt describes his philosophy as “EPA originalism. ” Part of his goal, he said, was to   the agency toward Congress’s original authorities. That’s sending a different message to the industries regulated by the EPA. “I can just tell you there’s buoyancy, buoyancy across the country that there’s a different attitude, a different belief, a different view,” Pruitt said. “We can be both   and   we’ve done it as a country throughout our existence. ” Some of the rules passed by the Obama administration, Pruitt said, actually hurt the agency as they that were “untethered” to the legal statutes, often at the behest of well funded environmental groups that donated to Democrats. Some of those efforts were halted in court, creating more uncertainty about the agency’s authority. “When you look at the outcome of that kind of agenda, it was detrimental,” he said. As the Attorney General of Oklahoma, Pruitt led the legal charge against the EPA, arguing that the agency was overstepping it’s authorities. He sued the agency 13 different times, putting many of the   rules in legal deadlock. Pruitt also has a reputation of challenging environmentalist priorities like climate change, but his critics told Breitbart News columnist James Delingpole that repealing the EPA’s Endangerment Finding on CO2 emissions were not included in the Trump’s executive order. Pruitt confirmed to Breitbart News that the executive order would not repeal the EPA’s Endangerment finding, but he appeared open to addressing it in the future. “I think that if there are petitions for reconsideration for the endangering findings, we’ll have to address those at some point,” he said. “I don’t know if they’ve actually been filed in that regard, but our objective, and our role is to do what the law requires. ” Pruitt believes that the agency should return its focus to tackling big environmental cleanup projects. Part of restoring the EPA’s original mission, he explained, was refocusing the agency on the 1300 hazardous “superfund sites” designated by the agency as priority areas for cleanup. “Many of those sites   …     on this national priority list have been on that list for   years, that doesn’t sound like a priority list to me,” he said. He cited the Port of Portland in the state of Oregon and the mining cleanup in Butte, Montana as two examples of designated “superfund” agencies that need renewed attention. “We need to get busy with some new ways to address those,” Pruitt said."
"`Senior White House aides and press secretary Sean Spicer are searching for a new face at the White House podium, according to several reports. [Both reports signal that Spicer wants to move into a more senior communications role, shifting the daily banter with the press to a new face.  “We have sought input from many people as we look to expand our communications operation,” deputy press secretary Sarah Huckabee Sanders said in a statement to Bloomberg. “As he did in the beginning, Sean Spicer is managing both the communications and press office. ” Spicer and White House chief of staff Reince Priebus reached out to Laura Ingraham to discuss a possible position, according to Politico. Daily Mail editor David Martosko was not interviewed, according to Bloomberg.  Politico reports that Fox News host Kimberly Guilfoyle is no longer interested in the position and few serious prospects for the position have surfaced in the process."
"  Fox News personality Bill O’Reilly is out at Fox News after persistent sexual harassment claims, and the evening lineup is set to see a shakeup. [The network has faced ongoing issues with sexual harassment claims and loss of prominent personalities. Such allegations drove Roger Ailes from the company. Fox News has since settled with former network personality Gretchen Carlson, who sued the company, citing harassment from Ailes. Carlson’s settlement was for $20 million, and Fox News issued a public apology to Carlson.  A fairly new addition to the evening lineup, Tucker Carlson will slide into the 8 p. m. time slot in place of O’Reilly. Fox News sources confirmed to Breitbart News the changes, including moving The Five program from 5 p. m. to the 9 p. m. time slot that Tucker Carlson is leaving. Eric Bolling, a regular presence on The Five, will take the 5 p. m. slot. Martha MacCallum, who has been hosting a seasonal special called The First 100 Days, is expected to continue at 7 p. m. According to Fox News, “After a thorough and careful review of the allegations,” parent company 21st Century Fox said in a statement, “the company and Bill O’Reilly have agreed that Bill O’Reilly will not be returning to the Fox News Channel. ” Fox News itself reported: The climate shifted dramatically after The New York Times reported on April 1 that O’Reilly or Fox had paid $13 million to settle five cases against him alleging sexual or other harassment. More than 50 advertisers withdrew from his   show, and 21st Century Fox asked a law firm to investigate a complaint from a woman who said O’Reilly dropped efforts to make her a contributor in 2013 after she turned down his invitation to visit his hotel room. The network also lost Greta Van Susteren in 2016 and Megyn Kelly in January of this year. Van Susteren is said to have exercised an exit clause in her contract that applied in the event that Ailes was no longer chairman of the network. She has since joined MSNBC. Kelly exited Fox News for a position with NBC News. The New York Times reported that O’Reilly’s behavior factored in to Kelly’s exit. Follow Michelle Moons on Twitter @MichelleDiana."
"Jared Kushner, a senior advisor to President Donald Trump and the President’s    boasts a thin resume in diplomacy. [The businessman and former New York Observer publisher has emerged as one of the most quietly recognizable figures in the President’s major foreign policy plays  —   and as a guiding force behind major domestic initiatives as head of the new Office of American Innovation. The President has made big promises betting on Kushner’s ability to deliver, among them the resolution of these five surprisingly delicate problems for a    real estate mogul:  Resolve the   Dispute, Shortly before his inauguration, President Trump told The Times of London that he planned to give “good lad” Jared Kushner expansive powers for helping resolve critical international disputes, particularly brokering peace between Israel and the Palestinians. Touting Kushner’s “innate ability to make deals” in a separate interview, Trump guaranteed that Kushner would “secure an Israel deal which no one else has managed to get. ” Trump has assured that Kushner “knows the region, knows the people, knows the players” and will be a critical broker in resolving conflict in the region. On Inauguration Day, Trump went even further: “If you can’t produce peace in the Middle East,” he told his    “nobody can. ” Kushner’s family boasts personal ties to Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu, but Kushner himself has not previously involved himself in Israeli politics. The Israeli government appeared open to relying on Kushner as a chief U. S. envoy. “We would be so happy if someone could bring peace to the Middle East. We welcome him,” Deputy Foreign Minister Tzipi Hotovely said at the time. Eradicating ISIS from Iraq and Syria, Less of a diplomatic mission than a military one, Kushner appears to have assumed the task of helping pave the way for a peaceful, united   State Iraq. Kushner traveled to the   country this week, alongside chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff Gen. Joseph Dunford, to meet with Iraqi leaders and visit a key outpost near Mosul, the largest Islamic State stronghold in the country. Kushner met with Iraqi Prime Minister Haider   whose spokesman said Kushner, Dunford, and the Iraqi officials discussed “the continuation of the cooperation to eliminate ISIS in Iraq and Syria, and also the training and arming of the Iraqi Army. ” On Tuesday, Kushner and Dunford visited an Iraqi base near Mosul, the closest Dunford has been to the fighting (this is Kushner’s first visit to Iraq). According to Reuters, Kushner proclaimed the  . S. military efforts against the Islamic State “very impressive. ” Ending the Opioid Addiction Epidemic, Last week, President Trump appointed Kushner to be the head of the White House Office of American Innovation, a new government agency tasked with  …     innovation. Among the problems Kushner will be responsible for solving innovatively will be the growing rate of addiction to heroin, morphine, and other opioid drugs in the United States. As part of his work in the office, Kushner had reportedly been working behind the scenes for weeks with New Jersey Governor Chris Christie before the latter was announced as the new frontman of an   initiative in late March. While Kushner has remained largely silent in public on the topic, Christie has vowed to dedicate effort to the initiative. Bridging the Divide Between the Trump Administration and the Muslim Community, As with a number of other major international visits, Kushner sat in on an Oval Office meeting earlier this year with Vice President Mike Pence, chief of staff Reince Priebus, and Saudi Deputy Crown Prince and Defense Minister Mohammed bin Salman. According to a Buzzfeed report citing leaders attending the meeting this week, Kushner also led a conversation with   leaders shortly after the election. The Buzzfeed report claims Kushner met with “a prominent imam, a civil rights attorney, the director of a nonprofit that studies violent extremism, and two venture capitalists,” and the meeting “went smoothly,” in part due to Kushner’s “friendly tone. ” There is little more information on whether the meeting was the first in a series or what the objectives of that meeting were. As Kushner’s star has risen following Trump’s election, however, the President appears to be trusting Kushner more and more in precisely these settings: roundtables with prominent individuals focused on how to solve problems. And in this case  —   between advocacy by Muslim interest groups against Trump and media disinformation on Trump initiatives to keep the country safe  —   a gentle hand may be the key to fostering cooperation. Maintaining Friendly Ties to the Government of Mexico, While Kushner’s foreign policy responsibilities appear largely tethered to the Middle East, he emerged an unlikely diplomatic tool for the President to use in his relationship with Mexico. In January, the Chicago Tribune cited an administration official as confirming that Kushner had played a pivotal role in resolving a   disagreement between Trump and Mexican president Enrique Peña Nieto. By March, when Mexican Foreign Secretary Luis Videgaray arrived in Washington, Videgaray met with Kushner before visiting the State Department, as is typically done. The Washington Post reported that Kushner involved Videgaray in the drafting of remarks by President Trump regarding the wall Trump promised to build on the U. S.  border and that the chief diplomat helped Kushner and Trump edit a speech that was   by Mexican authorities and reportedly garnered Kushner praise behind the scenes."
"Attorney General Jeff Sessions repeated disagreements with   Director James Comey’s account of the two’s interaction in his testimony before the Senate Intelligence Committee Tuesday. [The dispute with Comey’s testimony were first made by DOJ Spokesman Ian Prior immediately after Comey testified before the same body last week. Tuesday the attorney general himself took Comey to task for saying Sessions had “shrugged” as if to say “what do you want me to do” when the   FBI director asked Sessions to help him avoid impropriety in his communications with the White House.  Sessions, in his prepared remarks, characterized the same encounter as follows: While [Comey] did not provide me with any of the substance of his conversation with the President, Mr. Comey expressed concern about the proper communications protocol with the White House and with the President.  I responded to his comment by agreeing that the FBI and Department of Justice needed to be careful to follow Department policies regarding appropriate contacts with the White House.  Mr. Comey had served in the Department of Justice for the better part of two decades, and I was confident that Mr. Comey understood and would abide by the Department’s   rules governing any communications with the White House about ongoing investigations.  My comments encouraged him to do just that and indeed, as I understand, he did. Sessions also hit back at Comey’s assertion he was not instructed on how to deal with Sessions’s recusal from the investigation: On the date of my formal recusal, my Chief of Staff sent an email to the heads of the relevant departments, including by name to Director Comey of the FBI, to instruct them to inform their staffs of this recusal and to advise them not to brief me or involve me in any such matters. And in fact, they have not.  Importantly, I recused myself not because of any asserted wrongdoing on my part during the campaign, but because a Department of Justice regulation, 28 CFR 45. 2, required it. Later Sen. Ron Wyden ( ) grilled Sessions on this recusal, using Comey’s testimony to imply there was some damning unreleased information that informed Sessions’s decision to recuse, leading to a heated exchange in which Wyden accused Sessions of “stonewalling” by refusing to discuss the limited information on the Russia probe he did receive before that decision. The attorney general shook his head slightly as he replied: Senator Wyden, I am not “stonewalling. ” I am following the historic policies on the Department of Justice. You don’t walk into any hearing or committee meeting and reveal confidential communications with the President of the United States   …     Mr. Comey, perhaps he didn’t know, but I basically recused myself the first day I got into the office. Wyden was unsatisfied, shooting back, “General Sessions, respectfully, you’re not answering the question. ” A smile spread across Sessions’s face as he asked chuckling, “Well, what is the question?” “The question is, Mr. Comey said there were matters with respect to the recusal that were problematic and that he couldn’t talk about them. What are they?” Wyden snapped. Sessions’s smile vanished, replaced with an indignant scowl. “Why don’t you tell me? There are none, Senator Wyden. There are none. I can tell you that for absolute certainty,” the attorney general barked. Sessions continued to chastise Senator Wyden over his use of “innuendo” to imply wrongdoing and evasion on Sessions’s part. “I tried to give my best and truthful answers to any committee I’ve appeared before and people are suggesting through innuendo that I’ve not been honest about matters,” he said, in an apparent reference to Comey. Sessions had switched his schedule around to testify before the intelligence committee specifically to follow up on Comey’s testimony before the body. Deputy Attorney General Rod Rosenstein took Sessions’s original engagement with the Senate Appropriations Committee where he too was asked about Comey’s testimony."
"President Donald Trump hosted a   group of 61 U. S. Senators and their spouses to the White House for a reception, promising to work with both parties to find a solution for health care. [“I know that we’re all going to make a deal on health care,” he said during a speech at the reception. “That’s such an easy one. So I have no doubt that that’s going to happen very quickly. ”  At this point, there are no specific plans for a deal, but White House aides have signaled that the president is reaching out to Democrats. The cocktail reception was hosted on Tuesday night by First Lady Melania Trump and featured a performance from The United States Army Chorus and The United States Marine Chamber Orchestra.  Trump outlined a series of priorities that he wanted to achieve as president, including more spending on infrastructure and the military. Sixteen Senate Democrats joined the reception, including Dick Durbin, Joe Manchin, and Diane Feinstein. Trump said he hoped that Democrats could join Republicans to achieve some of the goals he had set for the country. “We want greatness for this country that we love. So I think we’re going to have some very good relationships,” he said. Trump singled out Senate Minority Leader Chuck Schumer in the audience. “Right, Chuck? I see Chuck. Hello, Chuck,” he said as the crowd laughed. “I think it’s going to happen,” Trump continued. “Because we’ve all been promising  —   Democrat, Republican  —   we’ve all been promising that to the American people. ”"
"On the Tuesday edition of Breitbart News Daily, broadcast live on SiriusXM Patriot Channel 125 from 6AM to 9AM Eastern, Breitbart London    Raheem Kassam will be discussing the fallout from the march in Manchester as well as the deteriorating situation in Venezuela. [Tommy Robinson, Director of Sharia Watch UK, will discuss this past weekend’s United Against Hate demonstration in Manchester, England.  Breitbart News’ Ben Kew will share the details of his recent ordeal with security at the Caracas airport after he was sent to Venezuela on assignment to report on the collapse of law and order in that country. Then Ken Klukowski will preview the Jeff Sessions testimony and the Ninth Circuit Court decision on the travel ban. We will hear from Ryan Mauro, a ClarionProject. org contributor, on how the media completely buried the Islamic State influence on the Pulse Nightclub shooter on the   anniversary of the shooting. We will also hear from John Lott, president of Crime Prevention Resource Center and author of “More Guns, Less Crime: Understanding Crime and   Laws” on why a large percentage of terrorist attacks are committed by radical Muslims. Live from London, Rome, and Jerusalem, Breitbart correspondents will provide updates on the latest international news. Breitbart News Daily is the first live, conservative radio enterprise to air seven days a week. SiriusXM Vice President for news and talk Dave Gorab called the show “the conservative news show of record. ” Follow Breitbart News on Twitter for live updates during the show. Listeners may call into the show at:   ."
"President Donald J. Trump released a video on Saturday of his first Weekly Presidential Address, in which the president detailed many of the actions he has taken as President of the United States in his first week. [“This administration has hit the ground running at a record pace, everybody is talking about it. We are doing it with speed and we are doing it with intelligence and we will never, ever stop fighting on behalf of the American people,” Trump said in the video after detailing many of the actions he has taken in just his first week.  “Since my election, many companies have announced they are no longer moving jobs out of our country but are instead keeping and creating jobs right here in America,” Trump said. “Every day, we are fulfilling the promise we made to the American people. ” Watch the full video below: "
"U. S. Judge Gonzalo Curiel of the Southern District of California approved the $25 million settlement in the Trump University lawsuit Friday, restoring most of the money that 3, 700 litigants in the case had paid for real estate classes. [The settlement includes “no admission of liability or wrongdoing by Trump or Trump University,” according to the San Diego  .  The case, and the judge, were briefly notorious during the 2016 presidential election. Trump’s opponents seized on the case to counter his claims to business success, as well as to paint him as untrustworthy, given allegations by former students that they had paid for real estate instruction that they never properly received. Then, in early 2016,   Trump suggested that Judge Curiel could be biased against him because of his Mexican heritage. Critics argued that his remark was bigoted  —   though some who defended his remark noted the left’s double standard in embracing the idea that a liberal judge might rule on the basis of ethnic identity. Supreme Court Justice Sonia Sotomayor had previously said: “I would hope that a wise Latina woman with the richness of her experiences would more often than not reach a better conclusion than a white male who hasn’t lived that life. ” During the campaign, Trump had suggested that he would not settle the case, arguing that it was without merit, but after winning the election he agreed to the terms of the settlement just before the trial phase of the litigation was to begin. Lawyers for the plaintiff appeared pleased at a press conference. They had worked pro bono  —   for free  —   in taking the case. Joel B. Pollak is Senior    at Breitbart News. He was named one of the “most influential” people in news media in 2016. His new book, How Trump Won: The Inside Story of a Revolution, is available from Regnery. Follow him on Twitter at @joelpollak."
"President Trump’s decision to launch an airstrike against a Syrian airbase thought to be the source of Tuesday’s chemical weapons attack drew widespread approval from European leaders, who deemed the assault proportionate and justified. [On Thursday, the United States launched 59 Tomahawk missiles from two Navy destroyers in the Mediterranean Sea in response to the massacre of more than 80 civilians, including 28 children, allegedly through the illegal use of deadly sarin gas bombs. The target was   military airfield near Homs, believed to be the provenance of Tuesday’s nerve gas attack.  British Prime Minister Theresa May said the action was an “appropriate response” to the “barbaric” chemical weapons attack launched by the Syrian regime. UK Defense Secretary Michael Fallon noted that the strike was a United States operation, “but let me emphasize again we fully support it. ” “This strike was very limited to one airfield, it was entirely appropriate, it’s designed to deter the regime from carrying out further chemical weapons attacks,” he said. Similar remarks came from the European continent. “President Assad bears sole responsibility for this development,” declared German Chancellor Angela Merkel and French President François Hollande in a joint statement Friday. “His repeated use of chemical weapons and his crimes against his own population had to be sanctioned. ” German Foreign Minister Sigmar Gabriel called the attack “understandable” after the failure of the Security Council to come together in chastising Syria. “The action Trump ordered tonight was a response to a war crime,” said Italian Prime Minister, Paolo Gentiloni, “a war crime under the responsibility of Bashar Al Assad. ” “Italy understands the reasons for U. S. military action proportionate in time and manner,” said Italian Foreign Minister Angelino Alfano, “in response to an unacceptable sense of impunity and as a deterrent signal to the threat of further uses of chemical weapons by Assad, following those already established by the UN. ” Elsewhere, Trump received support from Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu, who Friday said the strike sent a “strong and clear” message that the use of chemical weapons will not be tolerated. “Israel fully supports President Trump’s decision and hopes that this message of resolve in the face of the Assad regime’s horrific actions will resonate not only in Damascus, but in Tehran, Pyongyang and elsewhere,” Netanyahu said. Australian Prime Minister, Malcolm Turnbull said his government fully supported the strike, called the move a “swift and just response. ” “This was a proportionate response by the United States. It is not designed to overthrow the Assad regime,” he said. Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe offered his full support for the U. S. strike, and noted that Japan “highly appreciates” the Trump administration’s commitment to maintaining global order and working with its allies at a time when “the threat from weapons of mass destruction is also growing more serious in East Asia. ” Russia predictably denounced the strike as an “act of aggression against a UN member,” warning that the move could end cooperation between the Russian and US military branches. “Russia will demand an urgent UN Security Council meeting after the US airstrike on Syrian aviation base. This is an act of aggression against a UN member,” the Kremlin stated, adding that it was an act of “aggression against a sovereign state in violation of international law. ” Iran, too, “strongly condemned the US strike” and suggested that the action would lead to increased terror activity. “Iran strongly condemns any such unilateral strikes,” said foreign ministry spokesman Bahram Qasemi. “Such measures will strengthen terrorists in Syria  …     and will complicate the situation in Syria and the region. ” Follow Thomas D. Williams on Twitter Follow @tdwilliamsrome"
"Chief news executives at MSNBC and its parent company NBC reportedly went to war this week over Rachel Maddow’s   big tease of “Trump’s tax returns. “[The alleged    feud was spurred by Maddow’s decision to go live with her “scoop” while leaving   at NBC in the dark, Page Six reports.  “[MSNBC] announced it on Twitter, and [NBC] found out when [the general public] did,” a source reportedly said. “[MSNBC president] Phil Griffin was trying to undermine [NBC News president] Noah Oppenheim,” the source reportedly added. “There was never a conversation. They overplayed their hand in a huge way. ” While an NBC representative said there’s no beef between the network heads, MSNBC’s Griffin made a    statement of superiority as it relates to how Oppenheim got started at NBC. “They’ve been friends for 20 years  —   ever since Phil hired Noah straight out of college to work on Hardball,” the NBC rep said. “They’re super tight. ” Despite the massive buildup, Maddow’s report was one   conspiracy   presentation that ultimately regurgitated what the Trump White House had already revealed  —   that the President paid the IRS $38 million in taxes in 2005. Follow Jerome Hudson on Twitter: @JeromeEHudson"
"During his confirmation hearing, Congressman Mike Pompeo ( ) said he would observe the proper laws forbidding enhanced interrogation of terror suspects and affirmed that he believes Russia is a threat to the United States. He also noted, however, that attempts to undermine   Donald Trump plays right into the hands of Russian President Vladimir Putin. [On Thursday, the U. S. Senate held its first hearing for the confirmation of Rep. Pompeo,   Donald Trump’s nominee to become CIA chief. While the hearing kicked off with a temporary power outage in the room, the congressman fielded a range of questions from metadata, to   torture, to privacy concerns. One senator, California’s Kamala Harris, even went off on a tangent asking Pompeo about NASA global warming data and Pompeo’s views on gay marriage.  When it came time to talk about Russia, though, Pompeo had a dual warning. The Kansan said that Russia is not an ally of the United States, but also insisted that attempts to invalidate Donald Trump’s presidency is serving the   policies of Russia’s Vladimir Putin. Agreeing with the U. S. intelligence community’s latest assessment of Russia, Pompeo also said it is “pretty clear” that the Russians tried to influence the U. S. elections. “It’s pretty clear about what took place here, about Russian involvement in efforts to hack information and to have impact on American democracy,” Pompeo said during the Senate Intelligence Committee meeting. “I’m very   about what that intelligence report says. This was an aggressive action taken by the senior leadership inside of Russia. ” Pompeo also said he would support an extensive investigation into just what forms that “aggressive action” took during the 2016 campaign saying, “I will continue to pursue foreign intelligence with vigor no matter where the facts lead. ” “The internet,” Pompeo said, “is a borderless, global environment, easily and frequently exploited by sophisticated adversaries like China and Russia, as well as by less sophisticated adversaries like Iran and North Korea,   actors, terrorist groups, criminal organizations, and hackers. ” He also warned though that constant speculation that the election was hacked plays into Putin’s hands. During his response on the matter he said he has “no doubt that the discourse that’s been taking place is something Putin would look at and say, ‘That was among the objectives that I have. ’” As for another topic, many liberals have worried about Pompeo’s thoughts on the CIA using enhanced interrogation. The question seemed fairly answered when Senators Feinstein and Heinrich both quizzed him on the topic. Pompeo told Feinstein he would not   the enhanced interrogation policy if he were to become head of the CIA and assured Senator Heinrich that he would stick to the Army field manual for interrogation that currently forbids such techniques. As to Iran, Pompeo said that despite his personal opinions and his past claims that he would work to repeal Obama’s “disastrous deal” with Iran, he would abide by whatever his President told him to do on the issue. The congressman also fielded questions about his past comments on gathering metadata. While noting that intelligence is the “lifeblood” of national security, he added that such intel “is more in demand than ever. ” The Supreme Court has ruled that metadata is not private personal information, but nonetheless Pompeo said he would certainly toe the line of the law  —   whatever that may be  —   on the collection of data. He was also asked for his thoughts on demanding that tech companies give the U. S. government keys to their encryption of data. Pompeo replied that personal privacy would be an important concern for him and added, “I think we need to acknowledge that encryption is out there, and not all encryption takes place in the United States,” Pompeo replied. But even as Pompeo said he’d toe the law on these matters, Texas Republican Senator John Cornyn asked Pompeo if he will “play to the edge” of the law as CIA director so as not to play too cautious with national security. The Congressman said he would be sure to be mindful of the needs of his operatives and added, “It’s my role to make sure those lines are clear and bright. ” Pompeo also faced questioning from California Democrat Kamala Harris who seemed to feel his stance against gay marriage would hamper his work to secure the nation. She also quizzed him on global warming, asking if he would accept climate change claims made by NASA. Seemingly bemused by the quixotic line of questioning, Pompeo assured Harris that as a small businessman he’s never let anyone’s sexuality interfere in what he expected of them as an employee and that, as an engineer by training, facts and data drive his life  —   so if he found believable data on climate change it would certainly be an important consideration in his thought process. The hearing was not without humor, either, as Arizona Republican John McCain, a graduate of the Naval Academy, joked that Pompeo’s education was “very poor” because he was a graduate of West Point.  Follow Warner Todd Huston on Twitter @warnerthuston or email the author at igcolonel@hotmail. com."
"Tim Tebow reported to the Mets spring training facility at Port St. Lucie on Monday. Not so much with an eye towards making the Mets roster, something that looks unachievable at this point. Instead, Tebow reports to camp with an eye towards playing with the same effort he displayed when he first began his MLB journey. [That effort was evident to all in the batting cage, when Tebow smashed a total nine homeruns:  Tim Tebow hit two homers in his first round of batting practice. pic. twitter.   —   Steve Gardner (@SteveAGardner) February 27, 2017,  Tebow sought help with his hitting woes during the offseason. The former NFL quarterback received coaching from Mets hitting instructor Kevin Long, as well as some pointers from Washington Nationals second baseman Daniel Murphy. According to USA Today, Tebow said, “There’s been some changes (since the fall) certain rhythm things, placing my foot or how close I am to the plate. There’s been pieces of it that have changed. Overall though, I haven’t totally changed my swing. “Tebow, who had a . . . 242 slash line with 20 strikeouts in 62   in the Arizona Fall League, will continue to work out with the Mets minor league squad, with the possibility of playing in a few games with the Mets later this spring. ” Despite the enormous, uphill climb Tebow faces in trying to start a professional baseball career after more than a decade out of the game, he continues to chase the dream, while still acknowledging the difficulty and enjoying the journey. Tebow shared his thoughts on playing in the big leagues, “That’s my ultimate goal. But I’ve had so much fun training, pursuing it. I enjoy the process, and hopefully I’ll have a chance to (play in the major leagues) someday. ’’ Follow Dylan Gwinn on Twitter: @themightygwinn"
"A legal director with an open borders organization called the new Department of Homeland Security (DHS) office which will aid the American victims of illegal immigrant crimes “despicable. ”[During an interview with 89. 3 KPCC, Chris Newman with the National Day Laborer Organizing Network blasted the mere creation of DHS’ Victims of Immigration Crime Engagement (VOICE) office, which DHS Secretary John Kelly unveiled this week with American victims.  “Victims are not more harmed or need greater healing when the perpetrator of those crimes are not citizens,” Newman said. “This is clearly not an earnest effort. So you do have to ask what’s going on here. I think it seems pretty clear that this office is designed to gin up fear as part of President Trump’s overall war on   immigrants in the United States. I think it’s about, unfortunately, the racist exploitation of grief and tragedy. I think that the office is despicable. ” Newman also said the office was not about illegal immigrant crime victims, but had everything to do with politics. “It’s not just for people here illegally. I think it’s for the entire foreign born population in the United States,” Newman said. “This is an office that’s designed to   …     it’s a propaganda office. It’s politically motivated. It has nothing to do with public safety or restorative justice. It has less to do with providing services to victims   …     it has more to do with spreading fear of the foreign born population in the United States. ” Despite Newman’s claims that VOICE will not offer much help to Americans who have suffered due to illegal immigration, Jessica Vaughn with the Center for Immigration Studies (CIS) says the office will finally give voice to “marginalized” victims. “The creation of this office is aimed at supporting people who in the past have been marginalized and also faced real practical difficulties in getting information out of our immigration bureaucracy about the offenders who victimized them or their families,” Vaughn said. “Every law enforcement agency practically has an office for victim advocacy. ” “And I know many of the people who pushed for this office and the struggles they went through trying to get information about what was going to happen to the person who was responsible for their loved one’s death or other crimes that occurred,” Vaughn continued. Vaughn says that unlike all other law enforcement agencies, before VOICE, there was no route for illegal immigrant crime victims to take. “ICE had no mechanism to do that. They couldn’t get notifications if people were released, which would be customary from a law enforcement agency,” Vaughn said. “They couldn’t find out what the process was for people’s immigration hearings and things that they were entitled to attend, but couldn’t get information on. That’s the main purpose of this new office is to help them navigate the immigration bureaucracy and get information that they should be able to get about people who caused harm to their family. ” John Binder is a reporter for Breitbart Texas. Follow him on Twitter at @JxhnBinder."
"Wednesday on Fox News Channel’s “Tucker Carlson Tonight,” conservative commentator Ann Coulter, author of “In Trump We Trust: E Pluribus Awesome!” echoed her call urging President Donald Trump to get back on track on fulfilling his campaign promises and spend less time on “Paul Ryan’s priorities. ”  “They seem to be Paul Ryan’s priorities, and also just the standard GOP corporatist stuff,” Coulter said. “What made Donald Trump stand apart from the crowd and apart from the crowd from every presidential candidate for 20 years was immigration, trade, infrastructure, building a wall. Obviously, that was very, very popular. A lot of people listen to all this time. Look, I like tax cuts. I’d love to have my taxes cut  —   50 percent of people don’t even pay taxes. I think the bigger problem now is jobs. And I will not hold the emperor god responsible for this   bill, but, oh for Pete’s sake. Am I the last person in America who understands the free market?” “Sean Spicer was very good today explaining to idiot reporters, getting mandated coverage doesn’t mean insurance companies won’t cover it. It means Ann won’t be required to pay for 15 services more like 50 services that I have no interest in,” she continued. “They’re all talking about Congress is going to give us these things. Congress can give us nothing. The free market can give us things. And they are coming up with the premiums? Who would be better to come up with the premiums  —   someone whose business it is that needs to come up with a good premium to compete to get my business, and who has disease specialists and actuarial specialists or politicians in Washington?” Follow Jeff Poor on Twitter @jeff_poor"
"  independents are twice as likely to trust President Donald Trump’s administration than to trust the media, according to a new poll by Fox News. [The lopsided 52 percent to 26 percent trust in Trump is hidden in the crosstabs of the poll, which was released Feb. 17. Overall, by a narrow margin of 45 percent to 42 percent, Americans think Trump is more likely to tell the truth than are reporters.  But that topline result is skewed by sharply skewed partisan opinions. Only 8 percent of Democratic voters trust Trump more than reporters, and only 9 percent of Republican voters trust the media reporters more than Trump. So the 52 percent   to 26 percent   attitudes among   swing voters push the final result into Trump’s favor  —   and also give him a political and electoral advantage as the   established media repeatedly slams Trump, his deputies and his popular policies, such as curbs on immigration.  Those February 2017 numbers show a huge shift from past polls when the public trusted politicians much less than journalists. In a June 2006 poll cited by Fox, 5 percent of respondents said they have more trust in government officials, 40 percent said they more trust in journalists and 26 percent said they trusted neither. In an October 1997 poll cited by Fox, only 6 percent of respondents said they trusted politicians more than journalists, 61 percent said they trusted journalists more than politicians, and 20 percent said they trusted neither. So the 2017 numbers show journalists have lost   of their trust level, or 19 points, from the 1997 level of 61 percent to the 2017 level of 42 percent. The Fox news poll is validated by a recent poll from Emerson College. The poll also shows that the public believes the media is far tougher on Trump than it was on President Barack Obama.   percent of the respondents told Fox News that the media has been tougher on Trump compared to Obama, while only 18 percent believe they have been easier on Trump. Twelve percent said they were treated equally. Still, despite the skepticism towards the media, a solid majority of Americans want the media to push Trump hard.   percent say the media should “cover the president aggressively,” while 38 percent say the president should be given the benefit of the doubt. The telephone poll of 1, 013 registered voters was conducted Feb. 11 to Feb. 13.      "
"On Monday’s Breitbart News Daily, SiriusXM host Alex Marlow asked for Deputy Assistant to the President Dr. Sebastian Gorka’s assessment of radical Islam and its position in the world today, compared to its influence on the morning of September 11, 2001. “Is radical Islam stronger now as a movement, or has it been weakened since  ?” he asked. [“Superb question,” Gorka replied. “And the answer is unequivocally, without a doubt, much much stronger. ”  “Just think about one metric. Let’s look at ISIS. ISIS, the Islamic State, has achieved that which no other jihadi group has been able to do in 90 years since the dissolution of the Caliphate by Mustafa Kemal Ataturk in 1924. He fired the caliph, he dissolved the Caliphate, when he created the secular republic of Turkey. For 90 years, the bad guys  —     included  —   have tried to   a theocratic Caliphate. ISIS didn’t talk about it. They did it,” he noted. “They did it in 2014 from the pulpit of the Grand Mosque in Mosul,” he continued. “According to our own counterterrorism center  —   this is open source  —   ISIS has 18 operational affiliates around the world. Compare that to just three years ago, when they had seven. They are getting stronger. ” “This is why it’s very important to understand, we’re not at war with Islam, but there is a war inside Islam, for which version is going to win. And right now, it’s the wrong version,” he warned. “It’s the   atavistic bloodcurdling version that is represented by the Islamic State. The version that is portrayed by Jordan, by Egypt, by the Emiratis, that needs our support because we cannot see the Islamic State expand any more. That is why the president used the phrase, ‘We are going to eradicate the Islamic State. ’” Gorka said there were two important conclusions to draw from the foreign policy speech President Trump gave in Youngstown, Ohio, during the campaign, principles that continue to shape his policy outlook since the election. “Number one, it’s very clear, he’s given the generals 30 days to come up with a war plan to defeat the Islamic State, as the epitome of the threat right now  —   destroy it in theater with our allies, with our partners,” he said. “But that’s the smaller part. We’re the most powerful nation the world has ever seen. We can do that relatively easily. ” “  victory, if you read General Flynn’s book, you’ll see this explicitly laid out,” he continued, referring to The Field of Fight: How We Can Win the Global War Against Radical Islam and Its Allies by retired Lt. Gen. Michael Flynn, who is now national security adviser to President Trump’s. “  victory comes when people don’t want to become jihadis anymore. ” He said this would require a longer and more difficult   strategy to “delegitimize the narrative of jihad. ” “Just as Ronald Reagan undermined the narrative of the communists, we have to help our allies, the Sunnis of the region, make the totalitarian ideology of the jihadists look hollow and crumble in upon itself,” Gorka urged. “The larger part of our task is to have a very, very     campaign, which means the Islam of our allies against the Islam of groups like the Islamic State. ” Dr. Sebastian Gorka is the author of the   book Defeating Jihad: The Winnable War and was national security editor for Breitbart News before joining the Trump administration. Breitbart News Daily airs on SiriusXM Patriot 125 weekdays from 6:00 a. m. to 9:00 a. m. Eastern. LISTEN: "
"The ongoing saga of LGBT protests of an upcoming    restaurant on campus at Duquesne University, a Catholic college in Pittsburgh, has taken on biblical dimensions as a   of safe spaces and microaggressions in American higher education. [According to its mission statement, Duquesne University is “a Catholic university founded by members of the Congregation of the Holy Spirit,” dedicated to serving God while espousing a “profound concern for moral and spiritual values. ” It also professes a commitment to “an ecumenical atmosphere open to diversity. ”  For its part,    CEO management has articulated a biblical understanding of marriage that exactly mirrors Catholic teaching, while also emphasizing that they do not discriminate in any way, and are more than happy to serve anyone who wishes to eat at their establishment. In 2012, Dan Cathy, CEO of    stated: “We are very much supportive of the family  —   the biblical definition of the family unit. We are a   business, a   business, and we are married to our first wives. We give God thanks for that. ” “We know that it might not be popular with everyone, but thank the Lord, we live in a country where we can share our values and operate on biblical principles,” he said. Lambda   Alliance, the LGBT student organization on campus, considers   ’s commitment to traditional marriage potentially offensive to gay students, despite the obvious fact that no one is required to patronize the restaurant who doesn’t want to. At the March 26 meeting, Lambda executive board member Niko Martini proposed that the Student Government Association (SGA) pass a resolution asking the university to reconsider the inclusion of    as a dining option for students. Martini said he made the proposal on his own behalf and not Lambda’s. “   has a questionable history on civil rights and human rights,” Martini said. “I think it’s imperative the university chooses to do business with organizations that coincide with the [university’s] mission and expectations they give students regarding diversity and inclusion. ” Martini did not explain how eliminating a food establishment committed to a biblical understanding of marriage would increase diversity on campus. Meanwhile Lambda President Rachel Coury expressed worries that the safety of LGBT students might be at risk. “I’ve tried very hard within the last semester and a half to promote this safe environment for the LGBTQ+ community,” Coury said. “So I fear that with the    being in Options that maybe people will feel that safe place is at risk. ” Debate sparked by the confrontation, swirling around a series of issues from religious liberty to gay rights to a proper academic environment, have now reached a national level, according to the Duquesne Duke, the university’s campus newspaper. In an interview on Fox and Friends, retired U. S. Army Ranger Sean Parnell, an alumnus of Duquesne University, minced no words in expressing his dissent from the contemporary environment on the campus of his alma mater. “They’re a bunch of babies. College is supposed to prepare you for the real world, not shield you from opposing opinions, and safe spaces do exactly that. Who doesn’t want as an undergrad    on their campus? I would have killed for a c on my campus when I was at Duquesne,” he said. “My message is: toughen up. there are no safe spaces in the real world,” he said. “If you’re going to be successful in this life after you leave college you’ve got to learn to embrace adversity and open yourself up to a litany of different opinions. You will never be a CEO of a major company or an entrepreneur or a manager if you are not willing to work with people different than you. ” Hostility toward proponents of traditional marriage was foreseen by Supreme Court Justice Samuel Alito in his potent dissent of the landmark 2015 Obergefell v. Hodges case that made gay marriage the law of the land. Alito prophesied that the misguided decision would be used to damage citizens who do not share a contemporary view of marriage as an elastic arrangement between an unspecified number of unspecified persons. “It will be used,” he wrote presciently, “to vilify Americans who are unwilling to assent to the new orthodoxy. ” Follow Thomas D. Williams on Twitter Follow @tdwilliamsrome"
"Ted Wheeler, the mayor of Portland, Oregon, is using the tragic killing of two men as a rationale to stop a “Trump Free Speech Rally” planned for next weekend. [Jeremy Joseph Christian, 35, faces two counts of felony aggravated murder and other charges after he allegedly stabbed to death two men who tried to intervene when Christian was harassing two young women, one of whom was wearing a hijab. A third man was injured.  Christian has a history of erratic behavior and a long criminal record, including being convicted and jailed after he held up employees at a convenience store with a gun in 2002, CBS News reported on Tuesday. In 2010, he was charged with theft and felon in possession of a firearm, according to The Oregonian. But Mayor Ted Wheeler, a Democrat, is creating a connection between the tragic event that led to the deaths of Taliesin Myrddin Namkai Meche, 23, and Ricky John Best, 53, and   events, including one that Christian tried to attend last month  —   though organizers say they rejected him and video exists of demonstrators kicking him out. Christian’s   Facebook posts reveal that he supported Bernie Sanders and hated voters who backed both Donald Trump and Hillary Clinton. “Wheeler has asked the federal government to revoke a permit for what he described as an   demonstration planned Sunday at Terry Schrunk Plaza across from City Hall,” The Oregonian reported on Monday. Mayor Ted Wheeler’s office is hoping to convene a meeting of local, state, and federal law enforcement tomorrow, to prep for coming rallies.  —   Dirk VanderHart (@dirquez) May 29, 2017,  “Our city is in mourning, our community’s anger is real, and the timing and subject of these events can only exacerbate an already difficult situation,” Wheeler wrote on Facebook. “I urge them to ask their supporters to stay away from Portland. ” The June 4 rally is being organized by Patriot Prayer, which posted a video about it on its Facebook page. “There’s going to be a huge police presence June 4 so you’ve got to let police do their job,” organizer Joey Gibson said the video, adding that the deaths are being exploited by those who oppose Trump and his supporters. “They’re using the deaths of these two people and Jeremy Christian  —   they’re using it to get Portland all rowdy about our June 4th rally,” Gibson said. “And it’s absolutely disgusting and very sad. ” In the video, Gibson said it is a lie that Christian was “close” to Patriot Prayer, and spreading that lie could cause violence at the upcoming rally. In fact, Gibson said, demonizing those who attend the rally promotes Christian’s ideology of division and hatred. “What you are doing is exactly what Jeremy Christian was all about,” Gibson said in the video. “Do not bring any weapons,” Gibson said. “Just bring your courage, bring your strength, bring your honesty, bring your love. ” Gibson ends the video asking people to pray for everyone, from the protesters to the families who lost loved ones and even the perpetrator. “Pray for Jeremy Christian, for crying out loud  —   his insanity,” Gibson said. President Donald Trump condemned the stabbings, writing on Twitter on Monday: The violent attacks in Portland on Friday are unacceptable. The victims were standing up to hate and intolerance. Our prayers are   them.  —   President Trump (@POTUS) May 29, 2017,  Mayor Wheeler said that, while he appreciated Trump’s words, more action is needed. “I hope we rise to the memory of these two gentlemen who lost their lives,” the mayor told reporters. “Let’s do them honor by standing with them and carrying on their legacy of standing up to hate and bigotry and violence. ” “Wheeler’s call for the rally to be canceled comes amid a wider debate in the U. S. about the First Amendment, often in liberal cities like Portland and Berkeley, California, and on college campuses, where violent protests between   and   protesters have derailed appearances by contentious figures,” CBS reported."
"A Las Vegas homeowner who managed to free himself after being tied up was able to retrieve his gun and shoot and kill one of two home invasion suspects. [According to the Las Vegas   Police responded to numerous reports of gunshots at a residence on Hesperides Avenue around 10:30 pm..  The homeowner said both suspects were armed. The suspects allegedly tied up the husband and wife with duct tape and Metropolitan Police Department Lt. Dan McGrath said the couple “still had duct tape on them” when police officers arrived on scene. The wife was hiding in a closet and had been shot in the arm. The man managed to free himself from the tape and shoot one suspect to death. That suspect was only described as a “Hispanic male in his 20s. ” McGrath said, “I’m not sure how he was able to break free, but he was able to retrieve a firearm and shoot the suspect multiple times. ” The man then shot the second suspect “in the buttocks. ” The second suspect —  also in his 20s —  fled the scene but was apprehended after going to a hospital for treatment. Police are investigating whether there was a third suspect who may have served as getaway driver. AWR Hawkins is the Second Amendment columnist for Breitbart News and host of Bullets with AWR Hawkins, a Breitbart News podcast. He is also the political analyst for Armed American Radio. Follow him on Twitter: @AWRHawkins. Reach him directly at awrhawkins@breitbart. com."
"Ann McElhinney and Phelim McAleer joined Breitbart News Daily SiriusXM host Raheem Kassam on Friday to discuss their new book, Gosnell: The Untold Story of America’s Most Prolific Serial Killer. [As Breitbart News reported, “In Gosnell: The Untold Story of America’s Most Prolific Serial Killer, filmmakers Ann McElhinney and Phelim McAleer reveal the full story of the Philadelphia abortionist who was considered a ‘pillar of his community. ’” He was further described as an “advocate for women’s ‘reproductive health. ’” Breitbart continued, “The establishment media’s embrace of the narrative that abortion is ‘women’s health care’ kept Gosnell out of the news  —   even as he stood on trial in 2013. ”  McElhinney and McAleer recounted the horrors of Gosnell’s crimes, which resulted in the deaths of many women and children while the Philadelphia Department of Health turned a blind eye, seemingly having no interest in inspecting or investigating an abortion clinic. “Women’s bodies were coming out of that clinic, children’s bodies were piling up in the basement, and there were complaints coming in from whistleblowers,” said McAleer, adding, “Liberals didn’t care, and no one in Philadelphia cared. ” Breitbart News Daily airs on SiriusXM Patriot 125 weekdays from 6:00 a. m. to 9:00 a. m. Eastern. "
"JERUSALEM  —   On the tarmac of Israel’s   Airport, Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu expressed his hope to President Donald Trump that one day an Israeli head of government will be able to visit Saudi Arabia. [“Mr. President, you just flew from Riyadh to Tel Aviv,” Netanyahu told Trump at the airport ceremony marking the president’s arrival in Israel. “I hope that one day an Israeli prime minister can fly from Tel Aviv to Riyadh. ”  Netanyahu praised Trump for delivering “a forceful speech on terrorism and extremism,” in which he “called on forces of civilization to confront the forces of barbarism” during his visit to the Gulf kingdom. “For 69 years, Israel has been doing just that,” Netanyahu continued. “We’ve manned the front lines of civilization. ” “In doing so we’ve protected all faiths, Muslims, Christians, everyone,” Netanyahu said. “Israel’s hand is extended in peace to all our neighbors, including the Palestinians,” Netanyahu continued. “The peace we seek is a genuine one, in which the Jewish state is recognized, security remains in Israel’s hands, and the conflict ends once and for all. ” Trump said that during his visit to Saudi Arabia, he met with King Salman and “reached a historic agreement to pursue greater and greater [cooperation] against terrorism. ” On Sunday, Breitbart Jerusalem reported that several Israeli journalists with American citizenship were refused visas for Saudi Arabia despite having received approval to travel on the press plane accompanying Air Force One to the Gulf state. One of them, Channel 10’s Gil Tamary, noted that the move runs counter to the increasingly popular view that the kingdom’s hostility toward Israel is thawing. “Everyone is saying that the Saudis are changing, but when a reporter for an Israeli outlet wants to join the U. S. president’s press corps, he is not allowed on the plane,” he said."
"Former UN Ambassador and National Security Council member Samantha Power has been silent on Twitter since President Donald Trump’s decision to attack a Syrian air base Thursday in response to Bashar  ’s chemical weapons attack against civilians last Tuesday. [Power wrote a Pulitzer   book on genocide, in which she criticized past U. S. presidents for inaction  —   then did nothing as the carnage unfolded in Syria on President Barack Obama’s watch.  Power’s inaction was legendary  —   first as chair of President Obama’s   “Atrocities Prevention Board,” then as UN Ambassador. Breitbart News was among the first to call for her resignation from the administration, in 2013 the Wall Street Journal followed in 2016, with a scathing editorial blasting her for being a bystander to genocide in Syria. Since leaving office in January, Power has been a frequent critic of President Trump, his staff, and his foreign policy. On Wednesday, she called the story about former Obama administration official Susan Rice “unmasking” members of the opposition a “scam. ” Last month, she gave credence to conspiracy theories about Russian efforts to help Trump win the 2016 election. On Tuesday, Power specifically criticized President Trump on Syria, implying that he was indirectly responsible for the chemical weapons attack: Backed by RussiaIran, declared permanent by Trump, Assad regime in #Syria feels safe to do what it wants. Gassing people is what it wants.  —   Samantha Power (@SamanthaJPower) April 5, 2017,  She did later retweet an article about Trump condemning the attack. However, she has not reacted to Trump’s military move. Other Obama administration staffers have been vocal in their opposition to Trump’s decision  —   perhaps, as HotAir. com’s John Sexton observes, because it exposes the lie that Syria’s chemical weapons had been dealt with, and presents a sharp contrast to the former president’s passivity. At least one former Obama administration official praised President Trump:   Slaughter praised the move against Assad, telling Politico: “The years of hypocrisy just hurt us all. ” Joel B. Pollak is Senior    at Breitbart News. He was named one of the “most influential” people in news media in 2016. His new book, How Trump Won: The Inside Story of a Revolution, is available from Regnery. Follow him on Twitter at @joelpollak."
"Count Under Armour CEO Kevin Plank among President Trump’s strong supporters when it comes to the business practices of the new administration. In an interview with CNBC’s Fast Money Halftime Report on Tuesday, Plank was effusive with praise for Trump’s “decisive” nature, and ability to make “bold decisions. ”[Plank explained, “To have such a   president is something that is a real asset for the country. People can really grab that opportunity. He wants to build things. He wants to make bold decisions and be really decisive.  “I’m a big fan of people that operate in the world of ‘publish and iterate’ versus ‘think, think, think, think, think. ”” So there’s a lot that I respect there. ” Trump has initiated several   innovations in his first month in office. According to Business Insider, “(Trump) signed an executive order directing departments and agencies to identify two regulations to repeal for every new regulation proposed, and he met with a council of business leaders, including Plank, to discuss roadblocks to business growth. Trump is also expected to roll back Wall Street regulations, including  . ” Follow Dylan Gwinn on Twitter: @themightygwinn"
"During his talk at the University of New Mexico, MILO, “in the spirit of Trump’s agenda,” displayed the ICE (Immigration and Customs Enforcement) hotline for reporting illegal immigrants, and encouraged students to use it. [This number can be called if you suspect anyone of being an illegal alien. MILO told his audience that he would like them to “think hard about working class people, about poor people think hard about the disabled who are desperately in need of state care think hard about students in public universities in need of federal funding and think hard, and mostly, about women and homosexuals,” highlighting those groups in society who are most at risk of the adverse effects of illegal immigration.  The number,    was displayed on a poster below a picture of MILO in a police uniform, with the tagline of “support women and homosexuals purge your local illegals. ” The ICE online tip form was also noted, which can be accessed here.  MILO wears glasses by Versace, $240. Eyelet boyfriend womens tee by True Religion, $79. Police vest, $299. 50. Black Jordan True Flight 7s by Nike, $140.   leather baseball cap by Gucci, $560. N The Skull Pendant by Swarovski, $199. Black acid washed skinny jeans by True Religion, $250. Skull ring by Swarovski, $110. Jack Hadfield is a student at the University of Warwick and a regular contributor to Breitbart Tech. You can follow him on Twitter @ToryBastard_, on Gab @JH or email him at jack@yiannopoulos. net."
"U. S. intelligence veteran Malcolm Nance called presidential adviser Stephen Miller a “baby Goebbels” during HBO’s Real Time with Bill Maher on Friday.[  After Nance and Maher mocked and criticized Miller on the show, Nance compared the adviser to Nazi Germany propaganda minister Joseph Goebbels. Nance also branded President Trump’s alleged ties with Russia as “the greatest scandal in presidential history,” during the show which also featured Breitbart senior editor MILO, before claiming President Trump “disparages” intelligence services on “day to day” basis. “They are now in an act of self defense for the nation,” declared Nance, seemingly encouraging action against the president. “They are loyal to the constitution, not the man. ” During one section of the show, Nance also attempted to associate MILO with Nazis and the   while in another he expressed distaste towards the Bush administration. Watch MILO’s    interview with Bill Maher below.   "
"Governor Jerry Brown issued an emergency order Sunday evening to strengthen California’s response to a potential catastrophic collapse of the Oroville Dam’s auxiliary spillway, and to garner increased support from law enforcement to help with local evacuations. [The emergency order extends to Butte, Sutte and Yuba Counties.  “I’ve been in close contact with emergency personnel managing the situation in Oroville throughout the weekend and it’s clear the circumstances are complex and rapidly changing. ” Brown said, according to a press release sent by his office. “I want to thank local and state law enforcement for leading evacuation efforts and doing their part to keep residents safe. The state is directing all necessary personnel and resources to deal with this very serious situation. ” The region affected by the Oroville Dam spillway leak has 200, 000 residents. The orders requires state agencies to “enter into contracts to arrange for the procurement of materials, goods, and services necessary to quickly remove dangerous debris, repair damaged resources, and restore and protect the impacted watershed. ” It also invokes California Military and Veterans Code sections 146 and 147, and calls on the California National Guard to mobilize “to support disaster response and relief efforts with all relevant state agencies. ” U. S. Representative Doug LaMalfa ( ) who represents California’s first congressional district, told Breitbart News Sunday that authorities suggested the structural integrity of the spillway was not sound and that its potential failure could be the result of a collapse at its center. According to the press release, the Governor’s Office of Emergency Services has activated the State Operations Center in Mather, California to its highest level. Last night, the Governor’s Office of Emergency Services officials hosted a press conference with members from the California Highway Patrol, California National Guard, California Department of Water Resources and California Department of Forestry and Fire Protection (CAL FIRE) to discuss developments. Meanwhile, political fights broke out over social media and questions loomed within the media itself as to whether the spillway’s collapse was to be blamed on those at the federal or state level. There here have been records of issues with the dam in the past. These issues stem as far back as 2005, which was pointed out by a report in the San Jose Mercury News, which blames both the state and feds for ignoring these issues. “Three environmental groups  —   the Friends of the River, the Sierra Club and the South Yuba Citizens League  —   filed a motion with the federal government on Oct. 17, 2005, as part of Oroville Dam’s relicensing process, urging federal officials to require that the dam’s emergency spillway be armored with concrete, rather than remain as an earthen hillside,” the Mercury News wrote. During an   briefing at the Pentagon Monday morning, Pentagon spokesman Navy Capt. Jeff Davis said: “We are watching that situation very carefully. The dam as you know is failing and evacuation orders have been given to close to 200, 000 people in the area. ” Davis said the Pentagon is in touch with the California National Guard through the federal National Guard Bureau in addition to FEMA Region 9, through the commander of the United States Northcom. He stated that the entire California National Guard  —   which consists of 23, 000 service members  —   is on alert. Davis added that “while the State first and foremost has the responsibility for doing that, there’s a federal element should they need it that’s ready to respond quickly if asked. ” Kristina Wong contributed to this report. Follow Adelle Nazarian on Twitter and Periscope @AdelleNaz"
"Pluto  —   along with more than 100 other objects in our solar system  —   may be considered a planet after all if a new suggested definition is accepted. [NASA’s Alan Stern and several of his colleagues have proposed a new definition for what is considered a “planet” in a published manifesto. This definition would not merely reinstate Pluto’s official planethood it would add more than one hundred additional objects in our solar system to the planetary catalog and broaden the definition to encompass objects orbiting other stars as well.  Stern famously called the   Pluto’s reclassification “bullshit” and asked why anyone would “listen to an astronomer about a planet,” likening it to going to a podiatrist for brain surgery. He has long disputed the International Astronomical Union’s (IAU) accepted definition, put forward by Caltech astronomer Mike Brown. According to Stern, “You really should listen to planetary scientists that know something about this subject. When we look at an object like Pluto, we don’t know what else to call it. ” According to Stern, “You really should listen to planetary scientists that know something about this subject. When we look at an object like Pluto, we don’t know what else to call it. ” The new definition would be as follows: A planet is a   mass body that has never undergone nuclear fusion and that has sufficient   to assume a spheroidal shape adequately described by a triaxial ellipsoid regardless of its orbital parameters. Or, more simply put, “round objects in space that are smaller than stars. ” This definition would mean that we would go from 8 planets to at least 108, which should make for some really interesting mnemonic devices in elementary school. The IAU has final say on this surprisingly   debate, and it’s probably not going to happen anytime soon. But for those who consider Pluto’s technical reclassification a personal slight of some sort, there may be a resolution in the making. Follow Nate Church @Get2Church on Twitter for the latest news in gaming and technology, and snarky opinions on both."
"This year’s Walter Cronkite Awards for Excellence in Television Political Journalism have named Jorge Ramos of Univision and Fusion TV networks, Katy Tur of NBC News, and Jake Tapper of CNN as the best national journalists of the 2016 election. [Tapper was honored for “his fearless advocacy for the truth throughout the election cycle. Jurors said his interviewing ‘relentlessness’ held officials to account and equipped voters with valuable information from the candidates. Forceful when necessary, refusing to let candidates slip away from important questions, he was praised for his ‘tenacious commitment to sorting fact from fiction, a quality essential to journalism. ’”  Much of Tapper’s reporting focused on issues that ended up on the periphery of the campaign discussion. He focused on the controversy over whether former President Obama was born in the United States, David Duke’s unsolicited endorsement of Trump, remarks Trump never endorsed about the death of former Clinton White House official Vince Foster, and accusations Trump was behind rioting at or near his rallies. He was involved in a few journalistic controversies during the campaign. In one, he appeared to play a deceptively edited clip of Hillary Clinton to set up a question for Trump surrogate Chris Christie. In another, which turned up in leaked emails from the Democratic National Committee, Tapper’s producer appeared to solicit friendly questions for a party operative who was to appear on his weekday show. Tapper had booked Luis Miranda of the Democratic National Committee for his show The Lead. His producer emailed: “Thanks for facilitating Luis coming on today, and bearing with us through a meelee (sic) of GOP nonsense and cancellations and all that. Any particular points he’ll want to make?” This email was forwarded to Democratic staffers with the line “Need to know asap if we want to offer Jake Tapper questions to ask us. ” Later, one came from Miranda that said, “Any particularly good hit we want to dump on Tapper today?” Tapper vehemently denied taking orders from the DNC, stating that he has “never been given questions to ask any politician. ” Ramos, who works for the Univision and Fusion networks, had his share of   with the Trump campaign. In addition, his daughter worked for President Obama until she joined the Clinton campaign. He was removed by Secret Service from a Trump campaign press event when he attempted to talk over the reporter Trump had called on so he could ask a question about Trump’s plan to build a wall along the Mexican border. Trump had Ramos brought back into the room to ask his question, and Ramos launched into a tirade, saying, “You cannot deport 11 million people. ” Ramos, who won for “advancing the conversation about what divides us as a country,” the judges wrote, spent much of the campaign assailing Trump’s immigration policies. He attacked “Kate’s Law”  —   named in honor of Kathryn Steinle, a California woman murdered by an illegal immigrant in the “sanctuary city” of San Francisco  —   which attempts to discourage   for any illegal immigrant convicted of an aggravated felony in the U. S. and then deported. Tur, who made a point of saying in nearly every report how long she had covered Trump, called him “unscripted and undisciplined” and on several occasions attempted to present the views of supporters she purportedly talked to at campaign events as those of the official campaign. She used a remark by the president’s son to launch racism accusations against Trump supporters. Just last month, she fired off a series of tweets over Trump’s assertion that the media went light on covering terrorism. “Every time we ding Trump’s demonstrably false claim press doesn’t cover terror, we talk about terror which is exactly what the WH wants. ” And why did the White House want terrorism covered? “Because talking terror stands to positively influence public opinion on Trump’s travel ban. ” Then, when the White House responded with a lengthy list of terror incidents the press all but ignored, Tur tweeted that the list was incomplete. “WH list makes no mention of any attacks in Israel. ” Tur, according to the Cronkite Awards, “wins for ‘courage under pressure,’ a ‘complete fluency and mastery’ of the subject matter and an ability to convey it ‘effortlessly’ on live television, whether in the field, at a press conference or in the studio. Providing unique insight into Trump voters, she displayed ‘grit and perseverance’ demonstrating the honor of her profession. ” Announcing the winners, USC Annenberg Professor and Lear Center Director Marty Kaplan said, “Today, at this seriously dangerous moment for our democracy, these Cronkite Awards honor journalists, stations and networks stepping up to their civic responsibility to tell Americans the truth. ” The trophies will be presented at the National Press Club in Washington, D. C. on Friday, April 28 at an   ceremony."
"Tyler Shields, the photographer behind the   image of Kathy Griffin holding the bloodied, decapitated head of President Donald Trump, says he stands by his art and won’t censor any of his work in the future. [The Los   photographer was approached by TMZ outside a Gelson’s supermarket, where he appeared to suggest he wouldn’t change what happened if he could go back and do it over again.  The image of Griffin holding a bloody head meant to resemble that of the president went viral Tuesday, causing a firestorm online. CNN fired the comedian from it’s annual New Year’s Eve Live broadcast, while at least one venue on her   comedy tour cancelled an upcoming performance. “Honestly, I’ve got no comment. The only thing is, you make art, you gotta stand by it,” Shields told TMZ. “I can’t censor myself,” he added. Shields also said he had spoken to Griffin after the image made national news, but didn’t indicate what they spoke about. “I’m just gonna go home and eat my ice cream and hide out,” he told the TMZ cameraman as he pulled away from the grocery store. Shields’ photograph, which some critics said was reminiscent of photos taken by the terror group ISIS to celebrate their atrocities, was roundly condemned by both sides of the political aisle after it was first published by TMZ Tuesday morning. On Wednesday, a report claimed that Trump’s youngest son,    Barron Trump, became distressed when he saw the image on television, because he did not know who Griffin was or the context in which the photograph was taken. President Trump and First Lady Melania Trump responded to the image on Wednesday, with the president calling the photograph “sick” and adding that Griffin “should be ashamed of herself. ” The First Lady said that “as a mother, a wife, and a human being,” she found the image “very disturbing. ” “When you consider some of the atrocities happening in the world today, a photo opportunity like this is simply wrong and makes you wonder about the mental health of the person who did it,” she said.   Follow Daniel Nussbaum on Twitter: @dznussbaum"
"On Friday, March 31, Breitbart News lost a member of our extended family when Catherine Amony Bigirwa, the young wife of Breitbart’s Aloysious Bigirwa (affectionately known as Bigz) lost her battle with cancer eighteen months after being diagnosed. [Bigz arrived from Uganda in 2009 teeming with ambitions as big as his heart.  Shortly after reaching U. S. soil, he became involved with the National Prayer Breakfast, where he mentored   kids from broken homes. Bigz showed God’s love for them and how they could grow up with integrity, responsibility, and   no matter where they came from. By 2011, Bigz had been recruited for a position at the Washington Bible College, where he continued to mentor an even larger number of kids. It was on a chance trip to Kenya where he rekindled his relationship with Kate, a good friend he met while attending college in Uganda.  They soon realized that the love they felt for one another went beyond a friendship, and in 2014, Bigz and Kate were married.  Bigz always dreamed of having a large, loving family with whom to share in his ambitions and good fortune. In an effort to realize his American dream, Bigz began working with the Breitbart team in 2013. The Uganda immigrant was considered an essential member of the Breitbart family, helping organize company events, meetings, and gatherings. He was always there and always with a smile on his face. He was on his way to achieving his American dream. Unfortunately, the unthinkable happened on December 2015 when Kate, just six months after giving birth to a beautiful baby girl named Nancy, was diagnosed with cancer. After initial rounds of therapy, the cancer went in to remission, allowing Kate some valuable and unforgettable time with her newborn and husband.   The happiness was short lived. In September of last year, the cancer came back and ultimately took her life this past weekend. His infectious good nature, love of God, and his baby daughter continue to grace our extended family. It is with heavy hearts that we join together with Bigz and his loved ones in offering our deepest sympathy. You can learn more about Bigz and his family at his GoFundMe page, which the family has set up to help defray the costs of reuniting Kate back with her family in Uganda where she can be laid to rest with her ancestors."
BERLIN (AP)  —   Germany’s media regulator has revised its code of conduct on reporting whether crime suspects belong to an ethnic or religious minority after complaints the previous guidance was unclear. [advertisement
"A Européens Sans Frontières (Europeans Without Borders) video sponsored by the European Commission depicts the EU as a fairy godmother bringing migrants to Western Europe after ‘racist’ Eastern Europeans refuse to welcome them. [The short film, titled Eurodame, Help! was funded in part by the European Commission, the French government, and   groups such as the Fondation Hippocrène.  Fondation Hippocrène is a   organisation which has funded a number of projects alongside George Soros‘s Open Society Foundations network, and says its mission is to “promote the construction of genuine European citizenship” by targeting young people. The animated short opens on a migrant man, his   wife, and their two young sons approaching the gateway of a forbidding wall, with the words FRONTEX emblazoned above it. An EU Border Agency (Frontex) official is shown shooing away a young man seeking work and a  . However, he waves through the migrant family without further scrutiny after the father claims to be fleeing war  —   accompanied by a fluttering fairy godmother representing the EU. The fairy, wearing     glasses and a white   with the EU flag branded across the chest, asks the migrants to follow her into a tent, where she asks a man of Arabic appearance to give them “passage to Europe” on a magic carpet. Following a celestial compass in the night sky, the group first land in Eastern Europe  —   where they are greeted by a crowd of racist white men shouting that they do not want asylum seekers. “But it’s their right!” the EU fairy retorts angrily, but to no avail. The migrants are instead brought to an unnamed country in Western Europe, where they receive a warm welcome and express gratitude to their hosts. “Welcome. We really need you,” a Western European man tells the migrant man. “Thank you,” the migrant man replies. “Long live Europe. ” The film ends with the migrant family sitting down to a sociable dinner with a Western European family, as a child narrator asks the viewer: “Europe protects her borders and Europeans open their hearts to refugees. And you?” Responding to the video’s unflattering portrayal of Eastern Europeans, a spokesman for the Hungarian government told Breitbart London: “This is the kind of doublespeak Hungary is seeking to combat: while everyone should be complying with EU regulations, propaganda materials supporting migration are being made from EU money. ”"
"Thousands in Venezuela took to the streets, again, late Tuesday and throughout Wednesday in the capital, Caracas, to protest dictator Nicolás Maduro’s call to discard the Constitution and convene a “Constituents’ Assembly” to write a new one more favorable to his socialist government. [The current Venezuelan Constitution has been in place since 1999, when late dictator Hugo Chávez approved its adoption.  On Wednesday, Maduro appeared before the National Electoral Commission (CNE) to formally request elections to choose the members of the “Constituents’ Assembly. ” The CNE approved the request, and its director, Tibisay Lucena, praised the move as having the power to “consolidate the Republic and bring peace to Venezuelans. ” Lucena is a longtime supporter of the Maduro government, accused in 2013 of committing fraud during the presidential election that year to ensure Maduro’s victory over opposition candidate Henrique Capriles Radonski, the current governor of Miranda state. Maduro’s courts recently banned Capriles from holding public office for fifteen years without cause. While the “Constituents’ Assembly” is allegedly an initiative meant to write a new constitution exclusively, Maduro’s government appeared prepared to treat the assembly as the nation’s federal legislature, replacing the National Assembly (AN). The AN has been controlled by opposition parties since the end of 2015, when they overwhelmingly defeated the ruling United Socialist Party of Venezuela (PSUV) in a national vote. Since then, Maduro has attempted to usurp their power on multiple occasions, most recently having his Supreme Court declare itself the nation’s legislature and nullify the AN. That move began the latest wave of protests, which have not ceased, despite the Supreme Court retracting that decision. Following the creation of the “Constituents’ Assembly,” Maduro and his officials have insisted that the AN “does not exist. ” At the conclusion of his official request to the CNE, Maduro once again appeared on national television dancing with his   officials, including Vice President and U. S.  drug kingpin Tareck El Aissami: Narnia VS Venezuela pic. twitter.   —   Yusnaby Pérez (@Yusnaby) May 3, 2017,  Maduro has appeared on television dancing numerous times since the latest wave of protests began and has launched a government initiative called “Salsa and Urban Heart,” intended to distract student protesters from objecting to his repressive socialist government by engaging them with   and salsa dancing. The initiative has largely failed. Thousands of protesters filled the streets of Caracas Wednesday to protest the new assembly, received once again by police violence. The Bolivarian National Guard (GNB) blocked roads with tanks, tossed tear gas canisters, and shot rubber bullets at peaceful protesters in an attempt to disperse the crowd. The protesters, led by opposition members of the AN, continued their routes through the city, however: The acting head of one opposition party, Freddy Guevara of Popular Will, was attacked with a tear gas canister and significantly injured. He is reportedly in stable condition. The official leader of the Popular Will party, Leopoldo López, is currently serving a   prison sentence for organizing peaceful protests against Maduro in 2014. The protests have left at least 33 Venezuelans dead, ranging from teenagers to an    woman. Venezuelan opposition leaders are demanding international help and calling for the nation’s military to cease taking violent action against civilians and refuse to take orders from Maduro. Some are satisfied to hear of receiving support from the United States Congress. “We shouldn’t forget that many high level officials have money and properties there, so the U. S. government can be crucial with measures to aid a transition,” Guevara told Fox News before being attacked Wednesday. “Revealing the criminal ties of those in control of the regime has generated fractures within the government and even in the armed forces,” added María Corina Machado, another opposition leader. “And this could help with a transition. ” A bipartisan group of American lawmakers proposed a new plan to aid Venezuela Wednesday, including sanctions on more socialist leaders and the state oil company and a    humanitarian package for the starving nation."
"President Donald Trump’s star on the Hollywood Walk of Fame was vandalized yet again Sunday morning during the Los Angeles Gay Pride and “Resist” March. [Trump’s star  —   which has been vandalized several times since the beginning of his presidential run  —   was photographed Sunday morning covered in stickers bearing slogans including “Resist Homophobia” and “No! Drive out   fascist regime!”   Sunday’s defacement of Trump’s star was far more mild than previous vandalism. In October, Los Angeles man James Otis completely destroyed the star when he repeatedly struck it with a   in a   incident that was captured on film by Deadline. Otis struck a plea deal with prosecutors in February that saw him avoid jail time in exchange for paying $4, 400 to the Hollywood Chamber of Commerce and the Hollywood Historic Trust. The star  —   which Trump was honored with in 2007 for his work producing the Miss Universe pageant and for his hit NBC reality television show The Apprentice  —   has previously been covered in swastikas and vulgar language. In May, an unidentified person placed a golden toilet at the site of the star, with a message scrawled atop the toilet tank that read, “Take a Trump!” The site of Trump’s star has become a rallying point for both   and   forces in the wake of Trump’s election. Trump supporters previously gathered at the star to celebrate the Republican businessman’s victory over Hillary Clinton in November. Sunday’s annual Gay Pride march in Hollywood was renamed the “#ResistMarch” this year as organizers incorporated opposition to the president into the demonstration’s messaging. Marchers held signs denouncing the president as attendees heard speeches from elected officials including Los Angeles Mayor Eric Garretti, Rep. Ted Lieu, and City Council member Mitch O’Farrell.   Follow Daniel Nussbaum on Twitter: @dznussbaum"
"BERLIN (AFP)  —   Chancellor Angela Merkel said on Friday that NATO is important not just for Europe but also for the United States, speaking as a major security gathering kicked off in Munich. [“I think we should all be aware of the mutual value of NATO,” she said at a joint Berlin press conference with Canadian Prime Minister Justin Trudeau.  “That’s true for us in Germany and for European member states in the transatlantic alliance. “But I think the strength of the United States of America has also rather grown because of NATO, and that NATO is also an important organisation for the United States of America. ” She added that questions about the alliance should be discussed “in the spirit of our shared interest”. Merkel was to later head to the Munich Security Conference, where a major focus was on foreign policy questions raised by US President Donald Trump. Trump recently labelled the alliance “obsolete” and has repeatedly challenged other member states to raise their defence spending if they want the US military to help protect them. Merkel reiterated that Germany plans to boost its defence spending to two percent of gross domestic product, as agreed at a 2014 NATO summit in Wales."
"If you are a man having trouble getting a date, you may just not earn enough money. [A new report reveals that a significant portion of American women refuse to date men who earn less than they do.  The survey was conducted on members on the dating website, Plenty of Fish. More than one in five women, 22 percent, claimed that they would refuse to date a man who earned less than they do. In comparison, four percent of men and 11 percent of single individuals overall claimed that they would refuse to be the breadwinner in a relationship. “People don’t want to be in a relationship that will economically disadvantage them,” argues Moira Weigel, author of “Labor of Love: The Invention of Dating. ” Obviously, an online survey on the users of a dating website is not a scientific opinion poll. A report from Express in 2016 revealed that sixty percent of British women would refuse a second date after learning that the man earns less than they do. In comparison, 96 percent of men claimed they would be fine with dating a woman who earned more than they did. If you do score a first date, you probably should consider picking up the bill, guys. According to the report, “41 per cent of women admitted they would definitely refuse a second date with a man if he ‘expected them’ to also chip in for the restaurant bill. ” Some feminists would likely blame such statistics on “internalized misogyny,” or the concept that some women have subconsciously accepted the ways in which women are discriminated against in American society. Of course, if you are still somehow convinced that women are paid less than men for the same work, perhaps you can look at the demand that men pick up the tab or be the breadwinner in a relationship as a form of corrective justice. Tom Ciccotta is a libertarian who writes about economics and higher education for Breitbart News. You can follow him on Twitter @tciccotta or email him at tciccotta@breitbart. com,          "
"Rapper Ja Rule must personally pay back a $3 million loan relating to the   Fyre Festival, according to a lawsuit filed by his creditor in Manhattan this week. [Page Six reports that the New   financial services group EHL Funding LLC extended the credit to Ja Rule  —   real name Jeffrey Atkins  —   and other festival organizers on April 10th, just two weeks before the festival was set to be held. Ja Rule reportedly signed a personal guarantee which secured the loan and other fees in case of default, making him directly responsible for repayment of the loan despite the   collapse of the Fyre Festival.  While Ja Rule and other organizers have paid back $1 million of the loan so far, no payment has been made since April 21st, according to the lawsuit. Fyre Festival had been billed by organizers Rule and entrepreneur Billy McFarland as a luxury music festival on the island of Exuma in the Bahamas, complete with deluxe villa lodging accommodations and   packages that offered yacht charters. But guests who arrived at the island were greeted with a chaotic scene as the festival site suffered from incomplete infrastructure, a lack of security, and FEMA disaster   tents in place of the promised luxury accommodations. According to the lawsuit, full repayment of the loan is due by May 31st. Stuck at #fyrefestival trying to leave for the last 8 hours. barley any food or water or security or electricity pic. twitter.   —   Lamaan (@LamaanElGallal) April 28, 2017,  Organizers of the festival were recently hit with a $100 million lawsuit alleging the whole enterprise was a “   scam” from the beginning. Three festival goers, Chelsea Chinery, Shannon McAuliffe and Desiree Flores also filed a class action lawsuit against the event organizers. The latest $3 million loan repayment suit against the organizers is at least the seventh the group is facing thus far. Ja Rule has yet to release an official statement since his apology for the state of the festival.   Lucas Nolan is a reporter for Breitbart News covering issues of free speech and online censorship. Follow him on Twitter @LucasNolan_ or email him at lnolan@breitbart. com"
"On July 1 new Rotary International rules will bar individual Rotary Clubs around the U. S. from holding firearm raffles or accepting sponsorships from firearms manufacturers or dealers. [The NRA tweeted about the new   rules, which will soon be effective in Rotary International’s “Code of Policies”:  Rotary International Gives the Boot to Gun Owners, Cites “Reputation Risk” In New Firearms Ban https:  .  #2A,  —   NRA (@NRA) April 3, 2017,  Rotary International Director Bradford R. Howard posted a letter containing a summary of the new rules, which include prohibitions against: Moreover, the new rules even “[prohibit] clubs, districts and Rotary Entities from accepting sponsorships from   companies or stores, and preventing use of Rotary’s logo with the name or logo of a   company or store. ” This begs the question —  what happens if a renowned gun maker is involved in an event to benefit a local community and that involvement includes the use of their logo? Would this mean the local Rotary Club would be barred from involvement in the event altogether or would it simply mean the club would be prohibited from using its logo in the event because of the gun maker? Even more confusing is the fact that Howard used his letter to let Rotary Clubs know they “are still permitted to conduct sporting events that may include guns.  (e. g. turkey shoots, skeet shoots, etc. ). ” Howard explained the reasoning behind Rotary International’s new   stance: In early 2016, Rotary, and the Board discovered that there is a lack of clarity around RI’s policy governing Rotary clubs, districts, and other Rotary Entities when participating in activities involving guns, weapons, and other armaments, and when interacting with gun companies, including for sponsorship purposes. AWR Hawkins is the Second Amendment columnist for Breitbart News and host of Bullets with AWR Hawkins, a Breitbart News podcast. He is also the political analyst for Armed American Radio. Follow him on Twitter: @AWRHawkins. Reach him directly at awrhawkins@breitbart. com.  "
"Stephen Mihm reports in Bloomberg that according to data from the U. S. Census Bureau, the population of the United States is at the lowest rate of growth since the Great Depression. [From Bloomberg:  Shortly before Christmas, the U. S. Census Bureau put some coal in the nation’s holiday stocking. It released data highlighting a worrisome trend: The population grew a subdued 0. 7 percent, the lowest rate of growth since the Great Depression years of 1936 and 1937. Declines in the birthrate and the slowing pace of immigration are to blame. Ask an economist why this matters, and you’ll get a welter of contradictory answers, as the relationship between population growth and economic expansion is a vexed and controversial subject. But if you sift through the historical data on the subject, it’s hard to deny that the demographic slowdown, should it continue, likely puts a damper on future economic growth. Declines in the rate of population growth are nothing new. It has been in decline throughout the West for several decades. In some countries in Europe, the rate of growth is below replacement levels: The population, in other words, is set to experience a decline in absolute numbers. But the U. S. has also been on a downward trajectory since the 1990s, though the pace has been less steep. The latest figures for the rate of population growth compare with 1. 4 percent in 1994 and more than 2 percent at the height of the baby boom. Read the rest here. "
"Those in attendance at Vikings games this year have had plenty to protest about. Though, no one saw this particular protest coming. [The Vikings played their season finale on Sunday against the Chicago Bears at U. S. Bank Stadium in Minneapolis. During the game, protestors calling for U. S. Bank to end their funding of the Dakota Access Pipeline managed to hang a banner from the roof of the stadium:  Some guy is hanging from a banner inside US Bank Stadium. pic. twitter.   —   Jeff Dickerson (@DickersonESPN) January 1, 2017,  Somebody just dropped a #NoDAPL banner at US Bank stadium pic. twitter.   —   Matt Harding (@mattharding51) January 1, 2017,  A reporter then received a written statement from the protestors. Which he shared on Twitter: Was just emailed this press release about the protest at US Bank Stadium. pic. twitter.   —   Matt Vensel (@mattvensel) January 1, 2017,  Pipeline protestors hang banner from U. S. Bank Stadium to promote cause #Vikings game not interrupted https:  .  pic. twitter.   —   Star Tribune Sports (@StribSports) January 1, 2017,  . @BradBiggs Cops going to get him pic. twitter.   —   [J]ayJChillin (@JayJazzi) January 1, 2017, "
"Chelsea Handler ratcheted up her personal insults against First Lady Melania Trump on social media Tuesday. [“Blink if you need help @MELANIATRUMP” Handler tweeted.  Blink if you need help @MELANIATRUMP,  —   Chelsea Handler (@chelseahandler) January 25, 2017,  Handler’s latest swipe at the First Lady came just days after the comedienne and Netflix talk show host said she would never interview President Trump or his wife for her show, even if the President himself had requested the meeting. “No. Melania? To talk about what? She can barely speak English,” the Chelsea host said Monday during an interview with Variety at the Sundance Film Festival, despite the fact that the First Lady is fluent in her native Slovenian, French, Serbian, German, and English. “I don’t respect either one of those people,” she added. On Tuesday night, Handler sent another Tweet which appeared to condone a Saturday Night Live writer’s attack on Barron Trump, the    son of the president and First Lady. “It’s interesting that a writer on SNL is held to a higher standard of language than the man we elected @POTUS @katiemaryrich #stupid,” she wrote, referring to a tweet sent by writer Katie Rich, who wrote that Trump’s youngest son would “be this country’s first homeschool shooter. ” It’s interesting that a writer on SNL is held to a higher standard of language than the man we elected @POTUS @katiemaryrich #stupid,  —   Chelsea Handler (@chelseahandler) January 24, 2017,  This is hardly the first time Handler has gone after Melania Trump. In October, the    sent a series of demeaning tweets toward the First Lady. Melania Trump agreed to give a speech supporting her husband in Philadelphia this week it’s either that or back in the crate.  —   Chelsea Handler (@chelseahandler) November 1, 2016,  Trump said Melania will give two or three more speeches  …     Hopefully an interpreter will be present.  —   Chelsea Handler (@chelseahandler) October 28, 2016,  I’m sure Melania said that too. #debates,  —   Chelsea Handler (@chelseahandler) October 10, 2016,  On Saturday, the comedian led a group of demonstrators at the Sundance Film Festival in Park City, Utah for the Women’s March on Main, a march to protest Trump’s inauguration. “Divisiveness is not the answer,” she told Variety after the march. “And I think to get that message, we have to reach across party lines, forget your party. I’m registering as an Independent. I’m not gonna be a Democrat anymore because it’s too divisive. This isn’t working, this   system. ”   Follow Jerome Hudson on Twitter @jeromeehudson"
"Risking his popularity with millions of Republicans and Trump supporters, action star and former wrestler Dwayne “The Rock” Johnson is on the warpath against Under Armour CEO, Kevin Plank, over his recent comments in support of President Donald J. Trump. [Plank recently drew the ire of liberals with his comments praising Trump in an interview on CNBC. The sports wear CEO said that Trump was “bold” and “decisive” and is a “real asset for the country. ”  Now the actor, who is also a spokesman for Under Armour’s “The Rock Line” of products, is moving to “distance himself” from CEO Plank’s comments. In a recent statement posted to Instagram, Johnson said he “welcomes” comments from fans who both support Trump and oppose him, but he felt that Plank was “divisive” in his comments. “Kevin Plank’s words on CNBC, but these are neither my words, nor my beliefs. His words were divisive and lacking in perspective,” Johnson claimed despite that all Plank did was praise Trump’s   policies. “The Rock” went on to say he feels that Plank put UA employees in a “situation. ” “Inadvertently creating a situation where the personal political opinions of UA’s partners and its employees were overshadowed by the comments of its CEO. A good company is not solely defined by its CEO. A good company is not defined by the athlete or celebrity who partners with them. A good company is not a single person. A good company is a team  …    ” Johnson wrote according to a Fox News report. Johnson said that the UA work force is “a diverse group” of people and he feels his responsibility and loyalty should be to the workers, not the company’s CEO. “Debate is healthy,” Johnson wrote. “But in a time of widespread disagreement, so is loyalty. I feel an obligation to stand with this diverse team, the American and global workers, who are the beating heart and soul of Under Armour and the reason I chose to partner with them. ” I appreciate and welcome the feedback from people who disagree (and agree) with Kevin Plank’s words on CNBC, but these are neither my words, nor my beliefs. His words were divisive and lacking in perspective. Inadvertently creating a situation where the personal political opinions of UA’s partners and its employees were overshadowed by the comments of its CEO. A good company is not solely defined by its CEO. A good company is not defined by the athlete or celebrity who partners with them. A good company is not a single person. A good company is a team, a group of brothers and sisters committed to working together each and every day to provide for their families and one another and the clients they serve. We don’t partner with a brand casually. I partner with brands I trust and with people who share my same values. That means a commitment to diversity, inclusion, community,   and some serious hard work. But it doesn’t mean that I or my team will always agree with the opinion of everyone who works there, including its executives. Great leaders inspire and galvanize the masses during turbulent times, they don’t cause people to divide and disband. My responsibility here is not only to the global audience we serve, but also to the thousands of workers who pour blood, sweat, and tears into making Under Armour strong. A diverse group of hardworking men and women who possess integrity, respect and compassion for one another and the world they live in. Debate is healthy. But in a time of widespread disagreement, so is loyalty. I feel an obligation to stand with this diverse team, the American and global workers, who are the beating heart and soul of Under Armour and the reason I chose to partner with them. My commitment is as real as my sweat and callouses that thicken daily. #CommittedToThePeople, A photo posted by therock (@therock) on Feb 9, 2017 at 10:36am PST, Follow Warner Todd Huston on Twitter @warnerthuston or email the author at igcolonel@hotmail. com."
"NEW YORK, NY  —   In the course of the investigation into alleged Russian interference in the 2016 presidential election, serious questions have been raised about the possibility that former Attorney General Loretta Lynch may have engaged in wrongdoing with regard to the FBI’s criminal investigation into Hillary Clinton’s emails. [There are three main issues surrounding Lynch’s possible misdeeds in the Clinton email probe.  One is Lynch’s infamous tarmac meeting last June at the Phoenix Sky Harbor International Airport in which former President Bill Clinton, the husband of the FBI’s main subject in a criminal probe  —   Hillary’s email case  —   boarded the attorney general’s plane and reportedly stayed there for about thirty minutes for a private chat. The second concern is Lynch’s reported directive for   Director James Comey to publically refer to the FBI’s criminal investigation into Clinton’s email as a “matter” instead of an investigation or a criminal probe. The language matched the specific rhetoric used at the time by Clinton’s 2016 presidential campaign, which referred to the criminal investigation as a “matter. ” The third issue relates to testimony and questions surrounding reports claiming that Comey was in possession of a document purportedly indicating that Lynch would ensure the Clinton email probe didn’t go too far. Largely unreported by the news media, these questions surrounding Lynch are so serious that, in his testimony before the Senate Intelligence Committee this month, Comey conceded that the appointment of a special counsel in the Clinton email case would have been appropriate due to his concerns about Lynch. Referring to Lynch’s directive for Comey to call the criminal email probe a “matter” as well as her private tarmac meeting with Bill Clinton, Senate Majority Whip John Cornyn asked the   chief the following pointed question: And under Department of Justice and FBI norms, wouldn’t it have been appropriate for the attorney general, or, if she had recused herself  —   which she did not do  —   for the deputy attorney general to appoint a special counsel? That’s essentially what’s happened now with Director Mueller. Would that have been an appropriate step in the Clinton   investigation, in your opinion? “Yes, certainly a possible step,” replied Comey. “Yes, sir. ” And in testimony in May, Comey expressed his concern that the “[Justice Department leadership could not credibly complete the investigation and declined prosecution without grievous damage to the American people’s confidence in the  —   in the justice system. ” In a tweet on Thursday, President Trump brought up the issue of possible “obstruction” with Lynch’s tarmac episode. Crooked H destroyed phones   hammer, ’bleached’ emails,  had husband meet   days before she was    they talk about obstruction?  —   Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) June 15, 2017,  Tarmac Trouble  The tarmac meeting was first reported by a local ABC affiliate in Phoenix, which asked Lynch about the incident at a   news conference at the Phoenix Police Department. Lynch confirmed to ABC15 in Phoenix that she “did see President Clinton at the Phoenix airport as he was leaving and spoke to myself and my husband on the plane. ” The local station quoted sources saying the meeting lasted about thirty minutes. Lynch claimed there was “no discussion of State Department emails” or any other matter pending before the Justice Department. She maintained that the conversation was “a great deal about grandchildren, it was primarily social about our travels and he mentioned golf he played in Phoenix. ” The tarmac meeting was first revealed by ABC15’s Christopher Sign, who said that he was tipped off about the event by a “trusted source. ” Sign described a scene in which the FBI reportedly asked people at the tarmac not to take photographs. “The FBI there on the tarmac instructed everybody: no photos, no pictures, no cell phones,” Sign stated. The Obama White House postured to explain the meeting. Following the disclosure of the tarmac episode, President Obama’s press secretary, Josh Earnest, felt the need to iterate Obama’s stated commitment to avoiding “political interference” in Justice Department investigations. Judicial Watch raised the possibility of ethical and legal problems for Lynch. “Attorney General Lynch’s meeting with President Clinton creates the appearance of a violation of law, ethical standards and good judgment,” the conservative government watchdog group said in a statement: Attorney General Lynch’s decision to breach the   ethical standards of the Department of Justice and the American legal profession is an outrageous abuse of the public’s trust. Her conduct and statements undermine confidence in her ability to objectively investigate and prosecute possible violations of law associated with President Clinton and Secretary Clinton. The New York Times in April first reported that the tarmac incident solidified Comey’s decision to go rogue, bypass the Justice Department and violate FBI tradition by holding a July 5, 2016, press conference to make conclusions on Clinton’s email case  At the gripping press event, which took place in the heat of the presidential campaign, Comey criticized Clinton’s private email server as “extremely careless” before finally stating that “no charges are appropriate in this case. ”  Comey was widely criticized for going rogue instead of failing to seek Lynch’s recusal on the Clinton case. His actions were cited in a letter from Deputy Attorney General Rod J. Rosenstein recommending that Comey be fired. In his Senate testimony this month, Comey confirmed Lynch’s tarmac meeting with Clinton “capped” his decision to make public the results of the FBI probe into Clinton’s emails. Referring to the tarmac meet, Comey stated, “In an ultimately conclusive way, that’s the thing that capped it for me that I had to do something separately to protect the credibility of the investigation which meant both the FBI and the justice department. ”  The “Matter” The statement that the tarmac meeting served as a cap to Comey’s decision to bypass Lynch’s Justice Department in the email investigation indicates Comey had other concerns about Lynch. Indeed, in the same hearing, the next question posed to him by Republican Senator Richard Burr, chair of the Senate Intelligence Committee, focused precisely on that. “Were there other things that contributed to that that you can describe in an open session?” asked Burr. Comey replied: There were other things that contributed to that. One significant item I can’t. I know the committee’s been briefed on. There’s been public accounts of it which are nonsense. But I understand the committee has been briefed on the classified facts. The only other consideration I can talk about in an open session, she told me to call it matter, which confused me and concerned me. But that was one of the bricks in the load that led me to conclude I have to step away from the department if we’re to close this case credibly. Comey’s “one significant item” seems to be a clear reference to the issue of a reported document allegedly indicating Lynch would interfere in the email probe to ensure it didn’t go too far. Meanwhile, Comey’s admission that Lynch “told me to call it matter”  —   a directive that “confused” and “concerned” him  —   serves as a significant public accusation against Lynch, possibly highlighting her intentions in the email probe. It is instrumental to recall that at the time, Clinton’s 2016 presidential campaign not only referred to the criminal email probe as a “matter,” Clinton’s official campaign website claimed the investigation was not a criminal inquiry. Lynch allegedly issued the “matter” directive to Comey despite the Justice Department knowing the FBI probe was not only an official investigation but a criminal probe. In spite of Comey’s stated concerns, he did call the investigation a “matter” in his public statements about the Clinton email case. The alleged Lynch directive was first revealed in the same extensive April 22 report in The New York Times.  The Times reported on a meeting between FBI and Justice officials at which, according to the newspaper’s characterization, “Lynch told him (Comey) to be even more circumspect: Do not even call it an investigation, she said, according to three people who attended the meeting. Call it a ‘matter. ’” The Times’ report continued: Ms. Lynch reasoned that the word “investigation” would raise other questions: What charges were being investigated? Who was the target? But most important, she believed that the department should stick by its policy of not confirming investigations. It was a    decision. But Mr. Comey and other F. B. I. officials regarded it as disingenuous in an investigation that was so widely known. And Mr. Comey was concerned that a Democratic attorney general was asking him to be misleading and line up his talking points with Mrs. Clinton’s campaign, according to people who spoke with him afterward. As the meeting broke up, George Z. Toscas, a national security prosecutor, ribbed Mr. Comey. “I guess you’re the Federal Bureau of Matters now,” Mr. Toscas said, according to two people who were there. Even though Comey reportedly had concerns about Lynch’s motivations, he went along and did not call it a criminal investigation. “I am confident we have the resources and the personnel assigned to the matter,” Comey stated mere days after the meeting with Lynch. Further raising questions about Lynch, in his Senate testimony this month, Comey lobbed a serious accusation about Lynch’s intentions in the ordeal (emphasis added):  He stated:  And  —   and again, I don’t know whether it was intentional or not, but it gave the impression that the attorney general was looking to align the way we talked about our work with the way a political campaign was describing the same activity, which was inaccurate. We had a criminal investigation open with  —   as I said before, the Federal Bureau of Investigation. We had an investigation open at the time, and so that gave me a queasy feeling. Sen. Diane Feinstein ( ) the top Democrat on the Senate’s Judiciary Committee, commented on the seriousness of the alleged Lynch “matter” directive, speaking this past Sunday on CNN’s State of the Union. “I would have a queasy feeling too, though, to be candid with you,” she told CNN about the issue. “I think we need to know more about that, and there’s only one way to know about it, and that’s to have the Judiciary Committee take a look at that. ” On Wednesday, Senate Judiciary Committee Chairman Chuck Grassley ( ) sent Feinstein a letter formally requesting that the committee probe any attempts to influence the FBI’s investigations under the Trump and Obama administrations. It is not immediately clear whether the Judiciary Committee has taken any action on the matter.  At a Tuesday press conference, Senate Minority Leader Chuck Schumer ( ) stated that he wants to “hear what Loretta Lynch’s side of the story is” before making any move regarding Lynch.  However, at a House Judiciary Committee hearing on Thursday, Rep. Jim Jordan ( ) grilled Acting Deputy Assistant Attorney General Richard Downing about Lynch’s alleged “matter” directive. “Mr. Comey testified that former AG Loretta Lynch told him to, when he discussed the Clinton investigation, to call it a matter not an investigation,” Jordan explained. “Do you agree with that decision that was made?”  Downing replied, “I don’t have an opinion one way or another on that. ” “Do you think it’s wise for the Justice Department to mislead the American people?” Jordan shot back. “Of course, the Justice Department should do its best not to mislead anyone,” Downing retorted. “I think what the American people would appreciate is their highest officials at the DOJ should be straight with the American people,” Jordan added during the course of the exchange. “And that did not happen. ” Alleged Lynch Document, The issue of a possible document implicating Lynch is shrouded in conflicting news media reports and testimony implying that the matter has been presented in closed session before the Senate Intelligence Committee. The alleged document was first reported by The New York Times in the same extensive April report on Comey. According to that report, the FBI possessed information that the alleged Lynch document had been hacked by Russian intelligence, leading Comey to fear that Moscow could leak the document to call into question the independence of the Clinton email probe. The newspaper described “a document written by a Democratic operative that seemed  —   at least in the eyes of Mr. Comey and his aides  —   to raise questions about [Lynch’s] independence. ” The newspaper further described the reported document: During Russia’s hacking campaign against the United States, intelligence agencies could peer, at times, into Russian networks and see what had been taken. Early last year, F. B. I. agents received a batch of hacked documents, and one caught their attention. The document, which has been described as both a memo and an email, was written by a Democratic operative who expressed confidence that Ms. Lynch would keep the Clinton investigation from going too far, according to several former officials familiar with the document. Read one way, it was standard Washington political chatter. Read another way, it suggested that a political operative might have insight into Ms. Lynch’s thinking. While he was still FBI director, Comey was asked at a Senate hearing on FBI oversight in May about the about the purported Lynch document, and he refused to publicly address the matter, explaining it was an issue for a classified setting and not a public hearing.   After the issue of the purported document was raised at that hearing, the Washington Post released a story with an entirely different narrative on the alleged document. According to the Post report, the document  —   reportedly central to Comey’s actions on the Clinton email probe  —   was assessed by Comey’s own FBI to be unreliable and possibly fake. Comey seems to have pushed back against the Post report when he stated in his testimony this month (also referred to earlier in this article):  One significant item I can’t. I know the committee’s been briefed on. There’s been public accounts of it which are nonsense. But I understand the committee has been briefed on the classified facts.  And Sen. Lindsay Graham, who would have been present for classified testimony on the Russia probe, has publically stated that he doubted the purported Lynch document was fake. Regarding the Post’s story on the alleged document, Graham stated on Face the Nation: “I saw the Washington Post story. I doubt if it’s fake. Maybe it is. But I don’t want to be briefed by myself. I want Democrats and Republicans on the judiciary to be briefed together. Our committee has been together and we’re going to stay together. ” Graham further discussed the alleged document:  And I want Comey to come to our committee, because I know on two separate occasions, he has told members of the House and the Senate that the main reason he jumped into the election last year and took over the job of attorney general is because he believed there were emails between the Democratic National Committee and the Department of Justice that compromised the Department of Justice, and he thought the Russians were going to release these emails. That’s why he jumped in and took over Loretta Lynch’s job. I want to know, is that true? According to the Post’s account, the document in question was not a note written by a Democratic operative about Lynch’s alleged loyalties to Clinton, as The Times reported. Instead, the Post claimed the memo was a “Russian intelligence document” that itself quoted secondhand from a purported email describing how Lynch told someone within the Clinton campaign that she would help to ensure that the Clinton email probe did not go too far. The document, according to the Post, cited an email said to have been written by Rep. Debbie Wasserman Schultz ( ) who at the time was chair of the Democratic National Committee. The alleged correspondence cited in the purported document was sent by Schultz to Leonard Benardo, who works at billionaire George Soros’s Open Society Foundations. The Post reported that the alleged Russian intelligence document merely cited some of the contents of the supposed Wasserman Schultz email to Benardo but did not actually contain a copy of the alleged message. According to the Post’s characterization of the alleged document, “Wasserman Schultz claimed Lynch had been in private communication with a senior Clinton campaign staffer named Amanda Renteria during the campaign. The document indicated Lynch had told Renteria that she would not let the FBI investigation into Clinton go too far, according to people familiar with it. ” Contacted by the Post, Wasserman Schultz and Benardo both said they do not know each other and never communicated.  Wasserman Schultz, Benardo, and Renteria told the Post that they were never interviewed by the FBI on the matter. The Post claimed that the FBI provided Lynch with a “defensive briefing” on the alleged document in which she was reportedly cooperative, in contrast to a report from this week describing a very different kind of meeting with Lynch. The Post reported: About a month after Comey’s announcement, FBI officials asked to meet privately with the attorney general. At the meeting, they told Lynch about a foreign source suggesting she had told Renteria that Clinton did not have to worry about the email probe, because she would keep the FBI in check, according to people familiar with the matter. “Just so you know, I don’t know this person and have never communicated with her,’’ Lynch told the FBI officials, according to a person familiar with the discussion. The FBI officials assured her the conversation was not a formal interview and said the document “didn’t have investigative value,’’ the person said. Nevertheless, the officials said, they wanted to give the attorney general what is sometimes referred to as a “defensive briefing’’  —   advising someone of a potential intelligence issue that could come up at some future point. Adding further intrigue to the Lynch document issue, this week Circa cited “sources who were directly briefed on the matter,” revealing that Comey briefed Congress on a “frosty” exchange that he says he had with Lynch centering on the purported document. Circa’s John Solomon and Sara A. Carter reported:  During the conversation, Comey told lawmakers he confronted Lynch with a highly sensitive piece of evidence, a communication between two political figures that suggested Lynch had agreed to put the kibosh on any prosecution of Clinton. Comey said “the attorney general looked at the document then looked up with a steely silence that lasted for some time, then asked him if he had any other business with her and if not that he should leave her office,” said one source who was briefed.  Comey “took that interaction and the fact she had met with Bill Clinton as enough reason to decide he would not allow the Justice Department to decide the fate of the case and instead would go public” with his own assessment that the FBI could not prove Mrs. Clinton intended to violate the law when she transmitted classified information through her private email and therefore should not be criminally charged. Aaron Klein is Breitbart’s Jerusalem bureau chief and senior investigative reporter. He is a New York Times bestselling author and hosts the popular weekend talk radio program, “Aaron Klein Investigative Radio. ” Follow him on Twitter @AaronKleinShow. Follow him on Facebook. With research by Joshua Klein."
"STOCKHOLM (AP)  —   The parents of an   old Swedish schoolgirl have told local media she was one of the four victims killed in Friday’s attack in Stockholm when a truck rammed into a crowd outside an upscale department store. [Sweden’s TV4 said Tuesday evening that the parents released a statement saying they want to thank “the Swedish people for all the warmth and love you have given us at a time of despair and pain. ” They requested “peace and quiet” to grieve the death of their daughter, Ebba Akerlund.  Other victims included a   old Belgian woman, a   old Swedish woman, and a    Briton whom the British government identified as Chris Bevington. A    Uzbek man has pleaded guilty to the crime and is being held by police."
"WASHINGTON  —   Speaking at the Center for the Study of Islam and Democracy’s conference on Thursday, Sen. Chris Murphy ( ) said he has “low expectations” for President Donald Trump’s first trip abroad, hoping he does not create an international crisis or start a war. [“Quite frankly, my expectations for this trip are very low,” Murphy said. “I do not want an international crisis. ”  “I do not want a war to start,” Murphy said. “And so my hope is that he fulfills those low expectations. ” Murphy made the remarks in response to a question from a participant at the conference about what he would like Trump to say on his first official trip to the Middle East as president. “I don’t know that it’s relevant,” Murphy said. “I can tell you what I would like him to say, but that’s not what he’s going to say. ” “I would like him to rescind his support for a ban on Muslims entering the United States,” Murphy said. “I would like him to acknowledge the contributions of millions of   every single day to the economic, cultural, and political fabric of the United States. ” “I would like him to educate Americans that, while there are differences between Islam and Christianity and Judaism, there are incredible similarities as well. These texts overlap in so many ways that people in this country fundamentally don’t understand,” Murphy said. As Breitbart News reported in March, thousands of Muslims from the six countries with terrorist ties that Trump set apart for careful vetting have come to the United States. From those six countries  —   Iran, Libya, Somalia, Sudan, Syria, and Yemen  —   as of March, 2, 466 refugees have entered the United States since Donald Trump took office, a Pew Research Center analysis of U. S. State Department data reveals. “The number of refugees from the six   countries represents 32 percent of all refugees who have entered the U. S. since Trump took office,” the Pew report states. According to that Pew report: Among the six countries identified in the order, Syria (5, 585) Somalia (4, 703) and Iran (1, 893) are the leading nationalities of refugees who have entered the U. S. so far in fiscal 2017 (which begins Oct. 1, 2016). A total of 595 refugees from Sudan have entered the U. S. during this time, while 18 refugees are from Yemen and three are from Libya. A delegation with the National Movement of Libya (NML) visited the United States in March in compliance with Trump’s executive order to make exceptions to travel restrictions on a case by case basis."
"A Washington Post reporter admitted that she and her team had “a little bit of fun” cataloguing all of the foreign leaders who have mocked President Donald Trump in recent weeks.  “We’re having a little bit of fun kinda going through some of the recent examples of world leaders who either feel free to mock trump in public or behind [like] the Australian prime minister,” the Post’s Anne Gearan told MSNBC’s Brian Williams on Friday evening. She gleefully   an article last week titled, “Trump said foreign leaders wouldn’t laugh at the U. S. Now they’re laughing at him. ” The article states that though Trump declared in the Rose Garden while withdrawing from the Paris Climate Accord that foreign leaders won’t be “laughing at us,” Trump has since “been the butt of jokes in capitals around the world. ” The article notes that the “trolling is picking up” and points out that Australian Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull recently was caught making fun in a leaked recording. “The Donald and I, we are winning and winning in the polls,” Turnbull reportedly said while mocking Trump. “Not the fake polls. They’re the ones we’re not winning in. We’re winning in the real polls. You know, the online polls. ” As the Post noted, Swedish Deputy Prime Minister Isabella Lovi, Norway Prime Minister Erna Solberg, France’s President Emmanuel Macron and former Mexican President Vicente Fox all have trolled or mocked Trump in recent weeks. It is no surprise that reporters at the Post like seeing Trump mocked. The Post’s Margaret Sullivan, who used to be the New York Times’ public editor, recently asked if the mainstream media were being “terribly unfair” to Trump. Her response? “Hell, no. ” “Politicians have no right to expect equally balanced positive and negative coverage, or anything close to it,” Sullivan wrote. “If a president is doing a rotten job, it’s the duty of the press to report how and why he’s doing a rotten job. ” She added that “the idea of balance is suspect on its face. ” After the Post published leaked information from intelligence officials that alleged President Donald Trump passed along classified intelligence information to the Russians last month, the Post’s newsroom reportedly erupted in cheers as readers kept clicking on the story. The paper’s     Glenn Kessler, immediately Tweeted that there was “Applause in the newsroom as the   scoop breaks the Hollywood Access record for most readers per” second. I’ve been  : Applause in the newsroom as the   scoop breaks the Hollywood Access record for most readers per SECOND,  —   Glenn Kessler (@GlennKesslerWP) May 15, 2017, "
"An Indiana State University professor was arrested for allegedly fabricating   email threats and an assault against himself on campus. [Azhar Hussain, 56, was arrested Friday and charged with felony obstruction of justice and misdemeanor harassment, the   reported.  Hussain, who worked as an assistant professor of aviation technology, has been suspended from teaching duties, according to a release sent out by the university. The school says the charges originate from a series of emails with   messages and threats from what they thought was an unknown sender at the time, with Hussain as a target. The first report of these emails occurred on March 8. On March 24, Hussain reported that someone attacked him from behind and threw him to the floor. Police say after they investigated the claim and tracked down the computer where the emails came from, they discovered evidence that pointed to Hussain as the alleged letter writer. “Based upon the investigation, it is our belief that Hussain was trying to gain sympathy by becoming a victim of   threats which he had created himself,” said the chief of ISU’s police department, Joseph Newport. “It is extremely unfortunate that this situation caused undue concern on other members of the ISU community. ” Newport said numerous campus crime alerts were sent out as a result of the email and the alleged assault. University Provost Mike Licari told Law Newz that Hussain has not only been suspended from teaching and has been told he will not be teaching at the university beyond the   year, but the university is also seeking to formally dismiss him. Hussain is being held in Vigo County Jail on $10, 000 bond. He is scheduled to appear in Vigo County Superior Court 6 on Monday."
"After violent leftist “Black Resistance” protests Friday night in North Philadelphia led to the injury of three police officers and the arrest of four people, outspoken Milwaukee County Sheriff David Clarke appeared on an episode of Fox  Friends Weekend and said “This stuff is disastrous. It’s going to get cops hurt it’s going to get cops killed. ”[On Friday, over one hundred protesters affiliated with the Philly Coalition for REAL Justice gathered near City Hall, blocked traffic, and began violent confrontations with the police. During the clashes, three officers were injured after being hit with pepper spray and black spray paint. The leftist protesters burned an American flag.  As FoxNews reported, Milwaukee County Sheriff David Clarke said he “wants to see cops advance as soon as vandalism and violence break out at these types of protests, since it is impossible in large crowds to determine exactly who is causing the commotion” and went on to say, “It is unreasonable for us to determine who are the peaceful protesters and who are the resistors,” Clarke said. “This is a resistance movement. ” It is not the first time that Clarke has had harsh words about an incident in Philadelphia. In 2015 there was a   ambush of a police officer carried out by Edward Archer, who said he was acting in the name of ISIS. The incident was caught on video. As Breitbart News reported, Sheriff Clark said the man “should be charged with treason   …     charged as an enemy combatant, held at Gitmo, and he should not have access to American courts. ”"
"Update: Several sources have since changed their reporting to indicate that it was not DiCaprio who paid for Hamilton’s services. [“Representatives for DiCaprio say Hamilton was not a member of his Oscars glam squad and he did not fund her flying visit to the US,” the Sydney Morning Herald reported.  Original story below: Leonardo DiCaprio apparently spared no expense while getting ready for last weekend’s Academy Awards  —   the   actor and environmental activist reportedly flew a renowned “eyebrow artist” to the stars more than 7, 000 miles around the world to have his face tended to ahead of Hollywood’s big night. According to reports in the Sydney Morning Herald and the Independent, the    Revenant star and fellow actor Tobey Maguire enlisted the services of beautician   Hamilton, who made the   trip from Sydney, Australia to Los Angeles to ensure the stars’ brows were just right for the big show. While the artists’s eyebrow services are reported to cost a relatively affordable $200, Hamilton  —   whose previous clients are said to include Beyoncé, George Clooney and Kim Kardashian  —   told the Herald that when traveling for work, her costs are covered by her clients. Hamilton also told the paper that she would be doing work for two other   celebrities while in town before the Oscars. DiCaprio is one of Hollywood’s foremost environmental activists and green jobs campaigners. In December, the actor  —   whose eponymous Foundation is dedicated to fighting climate change  —   met with    Donald Trump at Trump Tower in Manhattan to discuss how jobs in sustainable energy could help contribute to an economic revival in the United States. The actor also recently produced a National Geographic documentary on global warming, Before the Flood, that was shown on the South Lawn of the White House in October. DiCaprio has previously said that climate change “deniers” should be barred from holding public office. But the   star and environmental warrior has also come under fire for his apparent affinity for private air travel. In April 2015, leaked emails taken from Sony Pictures revealed that DiCaprio used a private jet six times over a   period the previous year to travel between New York and Los Angeles for filmmaker’s meetings in May, the star reportedly flew 8, 000 miles between Cannes, France and New York City on a private jet to collect an environmental activism award. DiCaprio also hosts his annual Leonardo DiCaprio Foundation climate change gala in St. Tropez, France, which requires its   guests to travel thousands of miles by air to attend. In October, executives from a rainforest charity demanded the actor resign from his position as a UN Messenger of Peace for climate change due to his foundation’s alleged links to a $3 billion Malaysian embezzlement scheme. DiCaprio was on hand at the Academy Awards Sunday night to present the Best Actress award to La La Land star Emma Stone. The actor also became embroiled in the   “ ” scandal, in which the wrong winner for Best Picture was announced.   Follow Daniel Nussbaum on Twitter: @dznussbaum,  "
"Sen. Rand Paul ( ) told Breitbart News exclusively on Tuesday afternoon that he expects House Speaker Paul Ryan will be forced to pull the American Health Care Act (AHCA) before a scheduled Thursday vote because Ryan will not get the votes to pass the legislation. [The AHCA has been dubbed “Obamacare Lite” by Paul  —   a leading conservative critic of the plan  —   and by other conservatives as “RyanCare,” “” and “Obamacare 2. 0,” since the bill does not actually fully repeal Obamacare and keeps many of the main structures that the   President Barack Obama installed in the healthcare system. It has come under intense scrutiny from both sides of the Republican Party  —   moderates and conservatives are lining up against the bill  —   and Ryan, despite publicly projecting confidence, cannot find the necessary 216 votes to pass the legislation.  Paul, one of the leading senators out of more than a dozen Republicans in the upper chamber criticizing the bill there, told Breitbart News in this exclusive interview he believes there are at least 35 House Republicans ready to vote against the bill in its current form. And he predicted that, unless some major changes come to the legislation between now and the scheduled vote on Thursday, Ryan will need to withdraw the bill and Republicans will have to start from scratch with a new bill and a new strategy on Obamacare. Paul said in the   interview at his U. S. Senate office in the Russell Senate Office Building: I think there’s easily 35 no votes right now so unless something happens in the next 24 hours, I would predict they pull the bill and start over. I think if conservatives stick together, they will have earned a seat at the table where real negotiation to make this bill an acceptable bill will happen. But it’s interesting what conservatives are doing to change the debate. We went from keeping the Obamacare taxes for a year —  hundreds of billions of dollars —  but they’re coming towards us because we’re standing firm. So we have to stick together, and if we do stick together there will be a real negotiation on this. The main goal I have is not to pass something that does not fix the situation. If a year from now, insurance rates and premiums are still going through the roof and it’s now a Republican plan it will be a disservice to the president and all of us if we pass something that doesn’t work. . @RandPaul to @mboyle1: Obamacare Lite will hurt us in the next election. This bill will either get stopped or pulled in the next 48 hrs. pic. twitter.   —   Sergio Gor (@SergioGor) March 21, 2017,  There is plenty of reason to believe that Paul is correct in predicting Ryan does not have the votes to pass this legislation and will need to pull the bill to start over. Despite overtures from President Donald Trump, the House Freedom Caucus members  —   and particularly its chairman Rep. Mark Meadows ( )  —   remain steadfastly opposed to the bill. NBC News has confirmed at least 26 Republicans who are opposed: NBC News has now ID’ed 26 House GOPers who are   strongly against House   bill, per @AlexNBCNews  @LACaldwellDC pic. twitter.   —   Mark Murray (@mmurraypolitics) March 21, 2017,  But Breitbart News can confirm several more than that are definitely opposed to the legislation. To kill the bill, Republicans need just 21 Republicans opposed —  and some are talking about holding a press conference on Wednesday or Thursday with the necessary number of House Republicans to crush RyanCare, appearing    in public opposition before a vote. House GOP leadership made some last minute changes, too, which Paul  —   in his interview with Breitbart News  —   flatly said “no,” were not enough to get the bill passed. Regarding those changed, Paul said: If you keep all the insurance mandates, and you keep subsidizing insurance, basically it’s Obamacare Lite. So I think it’s still Obamacare Lite. The modifications, some are going in the right direction, but they actually expanded some of the subsidies. So one of the new things about it is it’s actually $75 billion more in subsidies. So, I think they’re stuck trying to split the baby. They’re trying to give conservatives a few token changes. And they’re trying to give the moderates more subsidies. Paul added that Ryan would not have dragged President Trump into this awful position if he had been more open and inclusive in the process from the beginning. In effect, Paul argued as he has done before, that Ryan is hurting President Trump by doing this the way he is doing it. Paul said: I’m still unclear as to why they completely ignored conservatives early on in the process and then they had the audacity to look at conservatives and say ‘this is what you all campaigned on.’ That just, frankly, was never true. I was elected in 2010 in the big Tea Party wave that was for repealing Obamacare root and branch, rip the whole thing out. We were for repealing it. I still think that our grassroots conservative supporters are for repealing it. But somewhere along the line, Paul Ryan decided that it wasn’t so much about repealing it but about replacing it with Obamacare Lite. And I think that was a tactical error on their part to think ‘oh, we’ll just be for this and everybody will be for this’ when in reality no conservatives are really for the Ryan plan. Paul would not say if Ryan will lose the confidence necessary to run the House of Representatives if this bill fails, as some have suggested. When asked if Ryan can still run the House if the bill goes down, Paul told Breitbart News that instead he thinks the bill going down would lead to real negotiations on healthcare reform. He said: I think what it will be is the real negotiations will begin the moment his bill fails, and when his bill fails conservatives will have a seat at the table. As long as conservatives stay unified and don’t start negotiating one person at a time  —   what’s a really bad part of negotiations is if everybody starts saying individually ‘oh if you give me this, give me this, give me this’ because then you won’t really fix the main thrust of the bill and the main outcome is that insurance premiums continue to rise and we continue to bail out insurance companies that’s not repeal of Obamacare —  that’s Obamacare Lite. More from Sen. Rand Paul’s latest exclusive interview with Breitbart News is forthcoming."
"British cultural icon and punk rock godfather John Lydon (Johnny Rotten) has hailed the “joy” of populist,   movements across the West. [Mr Lydon backed Brexit, claimed President Donald J. Trump was unfairly smeared by the “left wing” media, and said he wanted to shake “fantastic” Nigel Farage’s hand for taking on elites.  Speaking on ITV’s Good Morning Britain, the Sex Pistols frontman praised how the former UKIP leader led a flotilla of   fishermen in the   “Battle of the Thames”  —   when they faced off with a group of   millionaires and celebrities. “After that     argument he had with Bob Geldof, I wanted to shake [Nigel Farage’s] hand because it was silly beyond belief. “Where do I stand on Brexit? Well, here it goes: the working class have spoke, and I’m one of them, and I’m with them,” he said. ⚡ Johnny Rotten supports #Brexit  @POTUS: ”The working class have spoken!” Conservatism is the new   pic. twitter.   —   Warburton’s Lab (@WarburtonsLab) March 27, 2017,  The punk icon also said the unconventional outsider President Trump was a type of punk rock politician who was being unfairly attacked by the media establishment. He dubbed Mr. Trump “a complicated fellow” adding: “As one journalist once said to me, is he the political Sex Pistol? In a way. “What I dislike is the left wing media in America are trying to smear the bloke as a racist, and that’s completely not true. “There are many, many problems with him as a human being but he’s not that, and there just might be a chance something good will come out of this situation because it terrifies politicians. This is a joy to behold for me. ” When host Piers Morgan described Mr. Trump as “the archetypal   figure” Mr. Lydon said: “Dare I say, a possible friend. ” The former Sex Pistols singer is famous for singing the 1977   hit ‘God Save the Queen’ which brands the royal family a “fascist regime”. However as he has grown older, his views have mellowed somewhat. Lydon recently revealed he is in fact quite fond of Her Majesty Queen Elizabeth II. Speaking to the music website The Quietus last week, he said: “I will sorely miss her as a human being on planet Earth. It is not her fault she was born into a gilded cage. I don’t know about the ‘reign’ part, but long may she live. ” He also clarified the song was “about a political situation and the demand for obedience to a monarchy I don’t believe in”. Mr. Lydon also revealed that he appreciates tradition and royal events, and said he “loved the pageantry” of Prince William and Kate Middleton’s wedding in 2011. “Oh, when the planes flew over the palace? It reminded me of World War Two and all those films, and how grim it was fighting Nazis. For me, it was a reintroduction to history, lest we forget,” he added. The punk rocker has supported Brexit for some time, and last year said he was glad the “working classes had risen up against the Tories” and were “taking back the country” with the vote to leave the European Union. In 2013, he also defended former Prime Minister Margret Thatcher, saying he thought those celebrating her death were “loathsome”."
"An international student from China who gave the student address at the University of Maryland’s commencement ceremony is facing a backlash in her home country after her speech went viral.[  Yang Shuping, an international student from China, praised the United States’ commitment to free expression in the student address at the University of Maryland’s 2017 commencement ceremony. She claimed that she will be “forever grateful” for the “fresh air of free speech” that exists in the United States as opposed to, “People often ask me: ‘Why did you come to the University of Maryland? ’” she said in her speech. “I always answer: Fresh air. ” “I grew up in a city in China where I had to wear a face mask every time I went outside, otherwise I might get sick. However, the moment I inhaled and exhaled outside the airport, I felt free,” she said, referring to her arrival in the United States. “I would soon feel another kind of fresh air for which I will be forever grateful. The fresh air of free speech. Democracy and free speech should not be taken for granted. Democracy and freedom are the fresh air that is worth fighting for. ” In her speech, Yang claimed that her life in China convinced her that only state authorities within the Communist Party could define truth. Her speech drew over 50 million views on social media in her home country, with many condemning the speech. “China does not need a traitor like you. Just stay in the US and breathe your fresh air. No matter how bad China is, and even though you are speaking of your personal opinion, as a student representative, it is irresponsible of you to paint an inadequate picture of China,” one user posted, according to the Washington Post. “Our motherland has done so much to make us stand up among Western countries, but what have you done? We have been working so hard to eliminate the stereotypes the West has put on us, but what are you doing? Don’t let me meet you in the United States I am afraid I could not stop myself from going up and smacking you in the face,” another user chirped. The People’s Daily Online, a mouthpiece for the communist party in China, condemned Shuping, claiming that her speech helped ““[bolster] negative Chinese stereotypes. ” A few users praised Shuping’s speech and condemned those who attacked her for speaking her mind. Yang responded to the criticisms and offered an apology to her home country on Monday. “I love my country and home town and I’m proud of its prosperity,” she wrote on her social media accounts. “I hope to make contributions to it using what I have learned overseas. The speech was just to share my experiences overseas, and I had no intentions of belittling my country and home town  …     I am deeply sorry and hope for forgiveness,” she finished. Tom Ciccotta is a libertarian who writes about economics and higher education for Breitbart News. You can follow him on Twitter @tciccotta or email him at tciccotta@breitbart. com"
"Over the last few months, retail giant Target Corp. has been desperately cutting costs and canceling   growth programs to regain profitability. As part of its scrambling to finally get into the black, the chain has also been firing top executives, and last week yet another top officer’s scalp was taken. [On Thursday Target announced that chief innovation and strategy officer Casey Carl was leaving the company after 20 years on the job. Casey is at least the fifth top executive to leave the company recently, according to the Minneapolis  .  Despite firing its top innovation officer, Target CEO Brian Cornell released a statement insisting that “Innovation is alive and well at Target. ” The move might not be a complete shock considering that as its stock price and profits tumbled, early this year the company abruptly canceled two once highly touted innovation and growth projects aimed at bringing Target into the future of retail. Despite these moves, Cornell still claims that “Innovation must be a   an essential component of every business, every strategy and every team. ” Carl joins a growing list of top officers shown the door at the nationwide retailer. Also fired in the last two years has been Target’s head of stores, head of marketing, its human resources boss, and its chief digital officer. The scrambling comes after Target suffered three disastrous quarters of sales declines in a row and a loss of over $15 billion this year. The losses came after its April of 2016 announcement that it intended to allow men pretending to be women to use any bathroom or changing room they want to use at any given time. The announcement sparked millions of people to boycott the company. In one particular case a #BoycottTarget petition organized by the American Family Association has surpassed 1. 5 million signatures. Since April of last year, the company’s brand name has taken a drubbing, and its stock has fallen from a high of $84. 14 to $54. 78 a share. The fall was bad enough that many investment advisers downgraded Target to a “strong sell” even as its falling price might seem to make it an attractive buy. This April Target’s CEO was reported as having opposed his own company’s transgender announcement, saying it “frustrated” him that his diversity department made such a fuss over the decision and that they didn’t clear the announcement with him first. Cornell thought the whole situation was mishandled and caused a massive backlash against the company. Insiders say he ultimately backed the policy but felt “stuck” with it. Target’s focus on transgender rights has prompted it to end the use of   bathrooms and changing rooms. The same trend is underway nationally, where   laws are eliminating   facilities and institutions. In December, a poll showed that only 22. 7 percent of respondents endorsed the transgender claim that people should be allowed to change their recorded sex or “gender identity” on government documents whenever they wish. In contrast, 44. 6 percent of respondents said people should be allowed to switch their legal sex, but only after first complying with medical or government criteria for male and female characteristics.   percent opposed any   change to identity documents, and 17. 1 percent declined to answer. Follow Warner Todd Huston on Twitter @warnerthuston or email the author at igcolonel@hotmail. com."
"President Donald Trump announced a new executive order to promote his America First agenda, ordering the federal government to implement his buy American, and hire American policies. [“With this action, we’re sending a powerful signal to the world and we’re going to defend our workers, protect our jobs, and finally put America first,” he said during a speech he delivered after touring   Tools in Kenosha, Wisconsin.  Trump ordered the federal government to promote and use   products and hire American workers, signing the document at the event.  —   @realDonaldTrump shows off his Buy American, Hire American executive order before signing it at   tools pic. twitter.   —   Charlie Spiering (@charliespiering) April 18, 2017,  “No longer are we going to allow foreign countries to cheat our producers and our workers out of federal contracts,” he said. He also called for   Visa reform, asserting that the current lottery system was “wrong,” and should be focused on only allowing in immigrants with the “most skilled and highest paid applicants. ” “No one can compete with American workers when they are given a fair and level playing field, which has not happened for decades,” he said. Trump vowed trade reform with Mexico and Canada, promising to make big changes to NAFTA or get rid of it altogether. “NAFTA has been a disaster for the United States,” he said. “A complete and total disaster. ” He specifically called for changes to the trade policy with Canada on dairy products, referring to the dairy industry in Wisconsin. Trump also vowed to use every legal tool in his administration to cut federal regulations that were hurting business and killing jobs. “In fact, when it comes to   regulations, we’re going to use a tool you all know very well. It’s called the sledgehammer,” he said with a grin. Trump thanked Governor Scott Walker for joining him at the event together with Wisconsin Senator Ron Johnson. Walker presented Trump with a personalized NBA Wisconsin Bucks jersey and a parody of his campaign hat. Since the @Bucks are in the #NBAPlayoffs tonight, we made a special hat to give to the @POTUS. #MAGA pic. twitter.   —   Scott Walker (@ScottWalker) April 18, 2017,  Speaker Paul Ryan was not at the event, even though it was his district, as he was meeting with NATO representatives in Europe. “He has a good excuse,” Trump said. “Paul, you’re over with NATO get them to pay their bills. ” Trump was also joined by his Chief of Staff Reince Priebus, a Wisconsin native, Secretary of the Treasury Steve Mnuchin, and Education Secretary Betsy Devos. His advisers Steve Bannon and Kellyanne Conway also traveled with the president to the event. "
"ABC’s hit comedy series   kicked off it’s third   premiere Wednesday night with an emotional   episode that calls Donald Trump the “devil,” casts his voters as racists and questions if Dr. Ben Carson is really black. [Set two months after the election, the episode sees Johnson family patriarch Dre (Anthony Anderson) walk in on his wife Rainbow mourning Hillary Clinton’s election loss  —   she’s dressed in a gay pride scarf, a Democratic Party   with a Black Lives Matter button on it  —   and his children Andre Jr. (Marcus Scribner) and Zoey (Yara Shahidi) enjoying a vacation from school, which gave every student a “day of reflection. ”  The episode’s most contentious conversation is set at a roundtable boardroom at Dre’s advertising agency office. Most of the heated debate focuses on Lucy (Catherine Reitman) who is white, defending her vote for Trump against Dre, Daphne (Wanda Sykes) Josh (Jeff Meacham) Stevens, (Peter Mackenzie) and Curtis (Allen Maldonado). “That   white woman could have been the first female president,” Daphne said. “Can someone explain how 53 percent of white women voted for the orange p*ssy grabber? Lucy, I mean, as a resident white woman, if there was ever a cue for you to talk, it would be now. ” “Why didn’t your sisters turn out for Hillary,” Daphne asked. “Why is she just staring at me?” “Well, first, white women aren’t sisters. We hate each other. Second, if you must know, I voted for Trump,” Lucy explains, much to the horror of the entire office. Daphne fires back: “Fine, as long as she knows that a vote for Trump is a vote for racism. ” Possibly the most heated office debate you’ll ever see. #blackish pic. twitter.   —     (@black_ishABC) January 12, 2017,  At this point, Stevens  —   the ad agency’s bigoted, white, misogynistic chief executive  —   chimes in to lecture Lucy about abandoning women. “Lucy, you sound stupid, okay?” Stevens says. “There’s all this   about female empowerment, and still you don’t care enough to elect the first female president?” “Of course I want a female president. I just didn’t want it to be her,” Lucy said of Clinton. “You guys just said that you would’ve voted for anyone who was black, but what if instead of Obama, it was Clarence Thomas or Herman Cain or Ben Carson?” Lucy asked. “Oh, God, no. ” Daphne said. “Definitely not that fool,” Dre added. “Dude is a weirdo,” Curtis said. “Yeah, exactly,” Lucy responded. “Well, in my mind, Hillary Clinton is the Ben Carson of white women. “Is Ben Carson even black?” Dre asked.  Turning their attention back to Trump, Daphne said, “But Trump’s a misogynist. I mean,    boob jokes, the Miss Universe comments, the p*ssy grabbing? Man, totally ruined Tic Tacs for me. ” “Look,” Lucy said, “as stupid as those comments were, and they were, at least I know he says what’s on his mind. Who knows what Hillary’s actually thinking? What was she even about?” “Oh, my God. Stop it! What was she even about? She was the most qualified candidate to ever run for president,” Josh explained. “Look, I’ll admit, I don’t think Donald Trump is a great guy,” Lucy said, “No, he is the devil, and I should know,” Stevens added. It’s here that Lucy attempts to explain her reasons for voting for Trump and why she didn’t support Clinton. “But look, Hillary’s no angel, either. I’m not some crazy   nut, you guys. I voted for Obama twice. I even got my Republican parents to vote for him. He felt different. I believed he was gonna change stuff. He did!” She explained. “But it’s eight years later, and my dad’s still out of work, my hometown’s about to go under, and Hillary comes out saying she’s basically gonna keep everything the same. I’m sorry, but that doesn’t work for me or my family. ” “Okay, I hear what you’re saying. But what about all the other families that are gonna be affected  —   Gay families, Muslim families, immigrant families?” Josh asked. Enter Connor, Stevens’ laughably unqualified son and heir apparent. “And we’re in here fighting against the greatness of America again, aren’t we?” Connor asked before making a case for why Trump may turn out to be a very successful president. “I’m sorry, but just think about it for a second. This country at its core is just a company. I mean, I know we don’t like to think of it that way, but America is a corporation, okay? It’s the world’s biggest and most important corporation,” he says. “So is it so crazy to think that maybe a businessman, who runs big corporations, might not be such a bad idea?” “He runs them into the ground,” Daphne responds. “That idiot goes bankrupt like Khloé Kardashian changes black dudes. ” Dre, having heard enough, gave an emotional speech about how he’s “terrified” of Trump. ”I love this country as much if not more than you do and don’t you ever forget that.” #blackish pic. twitter.   —     (@black_ishABC) January 12, 2017,    writer and show runner Kenya Barris addressed the episode on Instagram writing, “This was my first attempt at   and I feel so honored and fortunate to have been able to have the opportunity to do it with the talented cast, crew, and writers that I work with everyday and call my family. THANK YOU ALL! !!” Last season, the Golden   show tackled police brutality and the criminal justice system in America.   Follow Jerome Hudson on Twitter @jeromeehudson"
"A thing I like to do when I’m bored on Twitter is tweet random   references. [Sometimes it will be a line from a movie:  Did you have intercourse with Dr Holloway?  —   James Delingpole (@JamesDelingpole) May 9, 2017,  Sometimes it will be a line from one of my favourite albums. Say: Just someone to keep my house clean, fix my meals and go away. Or, I’m glad that you’re older than me. It makes me feel important and free. Usually, when people get the reference, they’ll tweet me the answer. It’s a symbiotic pleasure: they get the satisfaction of having won my impromptu pop quiz I get the joy of knowing that I’m not alone  —   that there are other people out there who share at least some of my cultural heritage, who may even once have skinned up on the same gatefold album sleeve as they listened to Country Girl or Almost Cut My Hair  …     But it doesn’t work with everything, as I discovered last night when I tweeted the line: Pictures of dogs having sex.   …    and suddenly found myself in the midst of a confected hate storm, orchestrated by some of the vilest SJW types on Twitter. It’s the punchline to a hilarious sketch on a   comedy show I hadn’t seen before called Bad Robots. Though I thought it was new when I watched it on Comedy Central last night, I’ve subsequently realised I’m way behind the times and that actually the first series came out in the UK on E4 in 2014. Anyway, it’s worth catching, even belatedly, because it’s very, very funny. It’s a hidden camera show in which unwitting members of the public are embarrassed by carefully staged practical jokes. In this case, the devices used to fool them are bits of electronic equipment, which they are led to believe are voice activated. So, in one sketch, what claims to be a machine that can recharge your phone in one minute is positioned on a pier at a tourist resort. Once the unsuspecting members of the public have put their phones in the charging box, the box locks and a voice informs them that they must back up all their data because the process will erase everything on their phone. As they wrestle frantically to retrieve their phone, the computer warns them that there has been a malfunction and smoke appears from the box holding their phones. In another, a couple of innocents enter what they are led to believe is an automatic sun tanning booth. They tell the machine they want the lightest tan, but the machine informs them that they have requested the blackest tone  —   “dark ebony”  —   and as they strive unsuccessfully to escape from the dark spray spurting on their bodies, the computer’s voice helpfully advises them that the tan will last four months. Well, I laughed, anyway. A lot. But for me, the funniest one of all was the one in which a respectable looking   man goes shopping with his wife in a garden store. A giant machine in the middle of the store asks him to say aloud which department he is looking for. “Water features. ” he says into the machine. The machine asks him to repeat himself. “WATER FEATURES,” he says. The computerised voice has apparently misheard him. It announces: “You requested: PICTURES OF DOGS HAVING SEX. PICTURES OF DOGS HAVING SEX. YOU WANTED TO SEE PICTURES OF DOGS HAVING SEX! !!” Naturally, the mortified customer blushes furiously as everyone else in the shop looks to see who it is who has asked a machine to show him “Pictures of dogs having sex. ” It was so funny I just had to tweet it, right there and then. So I did. Without any explanation or context, obviously, because that would have made it too easy. What I wanted was for someone, anyone, who’d seen the show to tweet back something like “Bad Robots”  —   and, maybe, “God, I love that series  …    ” Instead, all I got was tumbleweed. Either the show had been insufficiently popular or it had been on too many years ago for any of my followers to remember the sketch. I tweeted a prompt. Anyone else finding Bad Robots quite funny?  —   James Delingpole (@JamesDelingpole) May 15, 2017,  Still no one was much interested. At least they weren’t until the SJWs took notice. These people hang around Twitter like flies on a rotting corpse  —   and suddenly they scented carrion. The carrion in this case, of course, was the chance to portray your humble scribe as the kind of person who, in his spare time, when no one is looking, likes to search the internet for “pictures of dogs having sex. ” It had, I suppose, briefly crossed my mind when I tweeted the tweet that some mischievous souls might choose to interpret it the wrong way. “But hey, the joke will be on them,” I thought to myself. “As soon as they realise it’s just a punchline from a cult TV comedy show they really should have seen they’ll slink off back into their lairs and leave me alone. ” Unfortunately, I had reckoned without at least three things. One is the   hatred that Breitbart  —   indeed any journalist of a conservative disposition but, yes, most especially Breitbart  —   attracts from the regressive left. Another is the left’s characteristically amoral preference for the “narrative” over the truth, regardless of inconvenient facts or evidence or logic. And the third is the pullulating blob of twisted malevolence that is Twitter’s SJW    Graham Linehan. Saved in case he ever accidentally deletes it pic. twitter.   —   Graham Linehan (@Glinner) May 15, 2017,  Linehan is one of Twitter’s enduring mysteries. How could the genius responsible for   the classic sitcom Father Ted have mutated into the curmudgeonly, unpleasant, humourless and relentlessly vicious boor who tweets under the name @glinner? He has   politics  —   sure, most people in the entertainment industry do. But where Linehan stands out from his fellow Wankerati is in that toxic combination dogged nastiness and   SJW zeal. There’s no playfulness there, no sense that the political debate is a game in which jokes and wit and   are permitted. @glinner has all the charm of a White Walker, which is probably why Dick Delingpole and I recently christened him on my Breitbart podcast the Most Evil Person on the Internet, and why Sabrina Lianne was inspired to write this rather fine demolition job for Breitbart Tech, wondering how someone who so often parades his “feminist” credentials can behave like such a misogynistic thug. Linehan surrounds himself with an impressively large circle  —   638, 000 and counting  —   of lickspittle acolytes desperate to earn his praise. One of them eagerly sent him my tweet, and I knew from the moment of @glinner’s salivating retweet that the game was lost. Delete my tweet? Too late for that. Anyway, that would look like an admission of guilt. Explain the context? Well I did try. I even linked to the Bad Robots Facebook page which actually includes a reference to the “pictures of dogs having sex” joke. Weirdly since last night the Facebook page has been taken down  —   it was here. Perhaps I’m being paranoid, but you’d almost think someone actively sought to deny the world the proof of my “innocence. ” The one person who did come to my defence was the man who actually wrote the original sketch for Bad Robots. When a #Breitbart journalist quotes your show and everyone goes mental thinking he’s missed the search bar  …     #lifesworkdone #badrobots #lol https:  .   —   Ben Spiteri (@Benspiteri) May 15, 2017,  He thinks it’s funny. Which, of course, it is in a way. But the SJWs on Twitter are deadly serious. They just know that there I was, looking for dog porn on the internet and that I accidentally typed my search request into Twitter when I’d meant it for Google. (How do they know? Because it’s what they do themselves when they have a few hours spare in their sordid basements. It’s known as “projection”) And no they don’t care about any pesky hard evidence that the quote was from a funny TV show, as attested to by the guy who actually wrote the show. Who needs facts when you’ve already decided the version of events that makes you happy: that Breitbart journalists are bestial perverts? When the leftist hate mob behaves as derangedly and spitefully and unreasonably as this, you do inevitably engage in a bit of  . Should I in future consider my every remark, my every sentence, my every tweet more carefully, conscious that any moment it might be seized on and misrepresented by all the leftists out there who consider people on the right to be lower than vermin and who thus feel under no obligation to behave as morally as you would towards an actual human being? Well no, is my conclusion. Firstly, if I’d wanted to be that   and   I would have gone into politics, not journalism. And secondly, why should the rest of us be bullied by the killjoy left into playing by their ugly rules? This is why they do what they do: to intimidate us, frighten us, to force us to tread on eggshells every time we open our mouths. If we let them cow us in this way then they have won. So I reserve the right to go on making unguarded, even occasionally tasteless comments and to carry on tweeting tweets some of which may be funny, some of which may be unfunny, and some of which may be interpreted by Graham Linehan and his unpleasant pals as further evidence that I’m depraved, evil and wrong. Because, here’s the thing: when I write stuff and say stuff and tweet stuff, the people I’m addressing are the only people that matter to me  —   my friends and allies and kindred spirits. The rest can go stuff themselves."
"During a town hall with CNN on Tuesday, House Minority Leader Representative Nancy Pelosi ( ) argued that Supreme Court nominee Judge Neil Gorsuch is a “hostile” pick that President Trump named to change the subject from his immigration order, and “if you breathe air, drink water, eat food, take medicine, or in any other way, interact with the courts, this is a very bad decision. ”  Pelosi stated, “[E]lections have ramifications, and here is a living, breathing example of it. The president and his first appointment to the court, and hopefully his only appointment to the court, has appointed someone who has come down on the side of corporate America versus class action suits on securities fraud. He’s come down against employer’s  —   employee’s rights. Clean air, clean water, food safety, safety in medicine, and the rest, if you care about that for your children, he’s not your guy. [Former Representative] Gabby Giffords’ ( ) group  …    said that he comes down on the side of felons, over gun safety. Hostile to women’s reproductive rights, Hobby Lobby case for example. The list goes on and on, criticized progressives for bringing cases that relate to LGBT progress, taking those cases to the courts. What saddens me the most, as a mom and a grandmother though, is his hostility towards children in school, children with autism. He has ruled that they don’t have the same rights under the IDEA that children  —   that they could reach their intellectual and social advancement under the law. He has said that doesn’t apply to them. He’s come down against them on ADA as well, and again, under IDEA. So, it’s a very hostile appointment.   …     Lovely family, I’m sure, but as far as your family is concerned, and all of us, if you breathe air, drink water, eat food, take medicine, or in any other way, interact with the courts, this is a very bad decision. Well outside the mainstream of American legal thought, not committed to Supreme Court precedents. ” Later, Pelosi said, “Any time they have a problem with something, they create another problem. They see the immigration problem looming, and so they decide they’re going to early  —  on an earlier schedule appoint a justice of the Supreme Court, to change  —   always to change the subject. It’s a decoy, decoy, decoy, decoy. ” Follow Ian Hanchett on Twitter @IanHanchett"
"Wednesday on his nationally syndicated radio show, conservative talker Rush Limbaugh took note of what he described as 2016 Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton “falling apart before our very eyes,” which he said was a far cry from someone that was presented as “the smartest woman in the world” and someone with a lock on the presidency during the 2016 campaign.  Transcript as follows (courtesy of RushLimbaugh. com): Hillary Clinton is falling apart before our very eyes, and it’s important to note this, because Hillary Clinton has been presented to us as the smartest woman in the world, the toughest woman in the world. A woman who could have been president if she had not hitched her wagon to that loser, Clinton. A woman who could have written her ticket and named her price. A woman who was the smartest and most accomplished. This was her brand this was her image. It was bought, it was paid for, it was fed, it was built up and now what’s happening to her? She is delirious. She cannot live in reality. She cannot accept what’s happening. She has been rejected. This is the    woman in America, including by her own party. If there’s anybody the Democrats  —   and I’m serious about this. If there’s anybody the Democrats owe, it is that woman. Without her biting the bullet and a bunch of other things, the Bill Clinton administration would have not survived, and the Democrat Party would have been taken down the tank with him. Hillary Clinton   saved her husband’s administration. I don’t care if she did it for selfish reasons. I don’t care if she did it for calculating reasons that would say that I have to do this to become president myself. She still did it. She ate the excrement sandwich that being married to that guy was, from the time he was governor of Arkansas, all the affairs, all the women, all the allegations, and she was the loyal trooper, blaming the   conspiracy, destroying the women accusers, maintaining his administration and the Democrat Party. And if anybody has ever been owed, it’s Hillary Clinton. And 2008 was supposed to be the big payoff, and they threw her under the bus for a young untested, unproven   guy with an exotic name. And she gave them another chance to love her. She gave them another chance to accept here. She went even so far as to work it with Debbie “Blabbermouth” Schultz to rig the primaries against Crazy Bernie so the Democrats could not throw her under the bus. And she still got beat by some guy they think has no business being in politics, doesn’t know what he’s doing, in their minds hates women, is abusive to women, doesn’t like anybody. A guy who shouldn’t have got 20% of the vote and beat her in an electoral near landslide, she’s going crazy. In her mind, her party abandoned her, the Democrat National Committee abandoned her, even though they worked with her to rig the primary. Her money people abandoned her. Nobody helped her. Everybody left her and hung her out to dry. She couldn’t trust anybody. She’s dumping on everybody that worked in her campaign except for Huma. And it’s all happening in public. She is blaming 19 different things and people for her loss, including  —   are you ready? A thousand Russian agents in Macedonia. Did you hear that one? Agents in Macedonia working to undermine her campaign. She blamed the Democrat National Committee. She blamed expectations. She blamed her polling units. She blamed the media. And in some of these cases, she is right. She’s out there saying, “I had too many expectations that were built up around my victory. ” She’s complaining about all of the people who just assumed that she was gonna win in a landslide, but she was one of them. You know, she wants to distance herself from these people, but she was involved in every one. Look, she’s the one that practically fell on her face leaving Ground Zero on July 4th or whenever it was. She’s the one who couldn’t stop coughing doing public speeches and blaming it on whatever else. She is the one wearing glasses here that are supposedly to prevent seizures. She’s the one that couldn’t name one reason why she wanted to be elected, what she was gonna do. For a woman who is the smartest woman in the world, she couldn’t even articulate liberalism! And that’s one of the easiest things in the world to do, and she couldn’t even figure out a way to do that and sell it. When you stop and think, if you put yourself in her shoes  —   no, let’s not. When you imagine yourself in her position, psychologically, folks, she was supposed to be president twice and actually maybe three times. She was supposed to be   with her husband. And, as such, they gave her health care in 1993. Smartest woman in the world was gonna make sure we got national health care, and she was gonna get the credit for it, not her lug head, cheating husband. And she blew that. In her mind, you don’t know how much she actually accepts and how much she lies to herself, but regardless what she’s telling herself, the end result is loss, loss, loss, humiliating defeat, unbelievable. And it’s got to be hard psychologically, when you measure that against what she expected, what everybody promised her, what she assumed. You know in her private moments in two different campaigns, she’s actually imagining being in the Oval Office with herself behind that desk. And let me tell you something else about Hillary Clinton. And you can see it, and you can listen to her speak. She is a true feminist from the modern era. She has a grudge about being a woman. She’s got a chip on her shoulder about it, as the ardent feminazis of the modern era, which I trace the beginnings, 1969, 1970. She is a product of all of these women’s studies courses where she was raised and she was educated and she was sensitized to the idea that life as a woman was the pinnacle of unfairness, the pinnacle of discrimination, the pinnacle of being insulted as a human being, and she still carries all that around. And she still feels the need to prove herself as smarter and better than any other guy. And the evidence is she’s not even smarter or better than Donald Trump, who they all collectively despise. I defy any of you to actually put yourself in her situation and not be psychologically ripped to shreds. Now, you think, “But Rush, you gotta know, you can’t win everything. It’s tough and tumble. People say things. She’s run the war room. ” Yeah. Yeah. But I’m telling you, she’s had a lifetime of hype as the best, as the smartest, as the most entitled. She’s living in this fantasy world now. She goes out and does these personal appearances and she’s got, it’s not fans, she’s got a cult. There’s a cult of   women that will show up wherever she goes, 15 or 20 of them, maybe 50, depending on the venue. And they treat her like she has been victimized, the biggest injustice in the history of humanity. Her defeat in 2016. So she is coming apart right in front of our eyes. We’re witnessing it. We saw it during the campaign. It’s just that many didn’t have the confidence to say that’s what it was because even we couldn’t imagine her losing. How many times have I told you over the course of the years of this program how frustrated I have been to encounter people on our side who are scared to death of this woman? Do you remember me telling you that, how frustrated I’d get? They would greet me and say, “There’s a 75% chance Hillary Clinton’s gonna be president. ” So what? “It’s over. ” Hillary Clinton  …     There were people on our side that were mortally afraid of this woman for whatever number of reasons. They could not imagine that the Clinton machine would lose neither could she. Follow Jeff Poor on Twitter @jeff_poor"
"Pres. Trump says NATO took his suggestion to ”fight terrorism”: ”I said it was obsolete. It’s no longer obsolete.” https:  .  pic. twitter.  Wednesday at a joint press conference with NATO Secretary General Jens Stoltenberg, President Donald Trump, who had previously called NATO “obsolete,” said the organization was “no longer obsolete. ”  Trump said, “The   and I had a productive discussion about what more NATO can do in the fight against terrorism. I complained about that a long time ago and they made a change. Now they do fight terrorism. I said it was obsolete. It’s no longer obsolete. ” Follow Pam Key on Twitter @pamkeyNEN"
"House Speaker Paul Ryan’s new 2017 budget allows the Department of Homeland Security to import at least 20, 000 extra foreign   workers for seasonal jobs in the United States, instead of requiring companies to recruit, train, and pay marginalized Americans. [The bipartisan congressional language creates a headache for Trump and his deputies because it flips the politically difficult problem from Congress to the Department of Homeland Security of deciding whether to provide extra     contract workers to companies or else to improve job opportunities for Trump’s   voters.  The new rule is opposed by   groups, including the Federation for American Immigration Reform. According to FAIR’s Robert Law: Increasing the number of low skilled foreign workers through a massive government funding bill is Washington at its worst. This is a clear betrayal of blue collar Americans who were hit the hardest by the Obama economy. Even after Trump’s victory, Congress is more interested in rewarding the business lobby’s thirst for cheap workers than getting their unemployed constituents back in the work force. The new rule helps business groups offset rising pressure for wage increases, just 18 months before the   elections when voters will vet the success or not of Trump’s “Buy American, Hire American” policies. The   language was hidden deep in the draft 2017 supplemental budget  —   which is to face House and Senate votes this week  —   and it surprised opponents of the legislation. In December 2016, Ryan had agreed to trim the program when the partial 2017 budget deal was announced just one month after   voters backed Donald Trump’s campaign promise of a     national economic policy. The language in the 2017 budget says the Department of Homeland Security has the authority to exceed the supposed 66, 000 annual cap on   outsourcing visas by a number equal to the maximum number of workers who benefited from an earlier exemption, dubbed the “returning worker exemption. ” Here’s the text of the #H2B ”returning workers” loophole that makes a mockery of the law’s numerical ”limits”. https:  .  pic. twitter.   —   (((Mark Krikorian))) (@MarkSKrikorian) May 1, 2017,  The   program allows companies that do seasonal work to import up to 66, 000 foreign workers each year instead of recruiting and hiring Americans. The program is supported by Democrats and Republicans eager to aid local business groups, which are competing against each other for American workers, and which face competition from the companies that employ roughly 8 million illegal immigrants. The program means companies don’t have to pay a premium to hire Americans for seasonal overtime work that leaves them unemployed in winter, and it also reduces pressure on the companies to recruit and train youths and marginalized Americans, including millions of Americans who have fallen out of the workforce.  The imported workers are also paid at rates that are lower than needed to attract Americans to those jobs  —   which also means that the companies can pay lower wages to their   American workers. The RWE exemption allowed roughly 20, 000 extra visas to be handed out in 2016, above the 66, 000 level. The new 2017 rule may allow far more visas to be given out because the RWE program was also used under George W. Bush to import 130, 000 foreign workers in 2007. If that 2007 number sets the 2017 limit, then, then the DHS will be able to triple the program to almost 200, 000 foreign workers. According to the horseracing industry website Bloodhorse. com, Alex Waldrop, the head of the National Thoroughbred Racing Association, predicted the new rule could double the size of the   program this year. “It limits the total number of   workers that may enter the U. S. during fiscal year 2017 to 129, 547,” Waldrop said told the website. In practice, companies will not be able to quickly recruit and import that maximum number of workers in 2017, partly because the DHS has yet to establish a process for handling the extra   visa requests. But if the Ryan expansion becomes the norm, then lobbyists could use the DHS to push the   program in 2018 back up to the 2007 level. The   program is backed by landscaping companies but is also strongly supported by the resort and hotel industries, forestry and shrimping companies and the horse racing sector. The   program is backed by many politicians, notably Sen. Thom Tillis, a GOP Senator from North Carolina, Arizona Sen. Jeff Flake, and Utah Sen. Orrin Hatch. Ryan has a history of backing “any willing worker” rules which allow companies to import foreign workers instead of hiring Americans at wages sufficient to help raise a family. The program is opposed by some   groups, including the Economic Policy Institute. The   program is one of many   programs run by the federal government, which allow companies to annually hire roughly 1 million foreign   or   workers for   or seasonal jobs that can be filled by Americans. These programs include the   program, which has allowed companies to create a domestic population of almost 1 million foreign professionals, including doctors,   experts, designers, and accountants. The annual inflow of 1 million contract workers is in addition to the annual inflow of 1 million legal immigrants. Every year, these two million new arrivals compete with the 4 million young Americans who enter the workforce each year, forcing down wages, driving up unemployment and transferring roughly $500 billion from employees to employers and investors. Several million   men have been pushed out the workforce by declining wages, say economists. Follow Neil Munro on Twitter @NeilMunroDC or email the author at NMunro@Breitbart. com,  "
"Duck Dynasty star Phil Robertson told Breitbart News in an exclusive interview that Democrats who opposed the confirmation of Judge Neil Gorsuch to the Supreme Court as America’s next Justice are “Godless” and “lawless. ”[“What I think about it is: Psalms 14:1 makes a clear, concise statement, and the statement is a fool says in his heart there is no God,” Robertson said in the exclusive interview when asked about Senate Democratic Leader Chuck Schumer and the Democrats planning to try to block confirmation of Gorsuch to the Supreme Court. “These people are Godless. And if you’re Godless, then you’re lawless —  you practice lawlessness. Everyone who sins breaks the law. In fact, sin is lawlessness —  that’s the Biblical definition of lawlessness. ”  The interview, which took place before Senate Republicans blasted through the Democrats’ filibuster with the nuclear option ahead of a final confirmation vote on Friday —  which is expected to succeed —  was part of a   conversation with Robertson on the Trump presidency, the institutional left, and the Gorsuch confirmation. Robertson said: So what you have on the one side is lawless people such as Chuck Schumer and these radical activists on the Supreme Court —  judicial activists —  and it scares the daylights out of them to have a man who still thinks it’s worthwhile to retain the knowledge of God. Romans 1, Verse 28 says because they did not think it worthwhile to retain the knowledge of God, God gave them over to a depraved mind to do what ought not to be done. And there’s a list of attitudes and deeds and it reads something like this —  this is off the top of my head, but it’s pretty close —  it says ‘you give them over to do what shouldn’t be done, to a depraved mind, he said, they become filled with every kind of wickedness, evil, greed and depravity. They become full of murder, envy, strife, malice, and  deceit. They are insolent, arrogant, and boastful. They are gossips, slanderers,    …    ’ It goes through the list and it ends by saying they’re ‘senseless, faithless, heartless and ruthless —  they invent ways of doing evil.’ Therefore, that’s the one side of individuals —  if you can imagine that —  that’s what they’re like, the group that have formed this block against Judge Gorsuch, a guy who thinks it worthwhile to retain the knowledge of God. If you think about it, the Ten Commandments are hanging just above the Chief Justice’s head and the reason the Founders said ‘I’ll tell you what boys, when you get to the Supreme Court hang the Ten Commandments over their head’ —  what the Founders were trying to get people to see then and we’ve lost sight of now, is there is a gigantic difference between the Supreme Court, men being in positions of judging, there is a gigantic difference between the Supreme Court by man and the supreme being, who loves us all. You understand what I’m saying? They hung the Ten Commandments over their head to say ‘don’t forget God in your judging, don’t forget God in your decisions’ because all the Founding Fathers —  literally all of them, they went right on down the line. You lose your virtue, that’s Chuck Schumer. When you lose your virtue, your religion leaves, your morality leaves, and the last thing to go is your freedom. Well, we’re on a path here and that’s why it is critically important to get a   man —  a man who is at least conscious of God —  on the Supreme Court. Got to have it, or this thing is fixing to implode. Robertson also said that Gorsuch did “remarkably well” in his confirmation hearing, despite the fact that the Democrats on the Senate Judiciary Committee were aggressively trying to undermine his chances at confirmation. He went on: My view, and I’m just viewing the proceedings —  the hearing —  and it had the feel about it, you had a sheep or a little goat and you are surrounded by wolves. And I mean it was like, or another way I could put it is, you had one man of virtue —  which is the pool of men fitted to the virtuous category is becoming smaller in each coming decade in my opinion. General moral excellence, right thinking, goodness, meritorious, excellence in general, effective power in force, moral strength, courage —  that’s the Gorsuches of the world. And the last thing we need —  it’s far better to have a good devout Catholic like Justice Scalia or a devout Episcopalian like Gorsuch than a lawless   on the Supreme Court of all places. So if we’re not careful here, if we don’t get Judge Gorsuch on the Supreme Court, judicial tyranny will reign without mitigation to no end. So we are really hanging on the edge of a precipice. We came within a hare’s breath of this leftwing bunch, these lawless fools, we came within a hare’s breath of them taking over the entire country with this last election. But I personally think, they asked me ‘Phil, what do you think? Who do you think’s going to win?’ I said, ‘We have one shot. The shot is, if the Almighty —  he’s worked through all kinds of people with character flaws before —  I said if the Almighty wants Donald Trump in there, oh he’s going in. That’s all I have to say.’ Well, all the pundits and all the political operatives and all this bunch and the polls —  they factored in everything and everybody but God Almighty. And Lord behold, good ole Trump did get in there and I have no problem with his policies from a Biblical standpoint at all. Robertson praised the Senate Republicans for going nuclear and beating the Democratic filibuster. “Without hesitation, whatever it takes,” Robertson said when asked if he would go nuclear to get Gorsuch confirmed. “You know, Harry Reid is the one who dreamed it up to fulfill his little agenda at the time. Well, we ought to just go ahead and take him up on his deal that he made. Yeah, I’d do it. I’d do the nuclear option in a second. ” Robertson also said that there’s “no doubt about it” that President Donald Trump’s nomination of Gorsuch to the Supreme Court was the most important thing he could do as president of the United States. He added: No doubt about it, but you’re looking at —  and there might be some more that come up —  but you’re looking at the next 30 years barring some kind of unfortunate early death or something but you’re looking at 30 years of the country and if you could stay that long, maybe the Almighty will have given us time to repent. America needs to repent back to God and bow down at his feet. I’m more into eternal healthcare than the stuff they’re arguing about now with Obamacare and all this stuff. I want America to invest in eternal healthcare by doing two things: love God and love their neighbor, and just do what is right. So my thinking is vet everything through the Bible and there will be no problems at all, so with Judge Gorsuch he’s a devout Episcopalian. I’ll take a devout Episcopalian over a lawless   any way you want to slice it. More from the Robertson interview is forthcoming."
"American Kurt Cochran, who was on a tour of Europe with his wife, has been named as one of the three victims who died in Wednesday’s terror attack in Westminster. [The    engineer from Utah and his wife, who is in hospital recovering with a broken leg, were reportedly the first people mowed down by the   extremist as he ploughed into crowds on Westminster Bridge.  Mr. Cochran is thought to have either jumped or been pushed over the edge of the bridge onto the steps below it. Family members confirmed his identity as a victim of the attack on Thursday, via Facebook. Alongside a picture of Mr. Cochran and his wife, Utah resident Shantell Payne wrote: “With a heavy heart I must pass the sad news of our beautiful brother, father, husband, son and friend Kurt Cochran, he could not overcome the injuries he received in the London terror attacks. ” “’This pain is so heart wrenching and raw it has rocked our family and all that knew him to its core. We will miss Kurt beyond words. We love you Kurt. RIP. ” “Melissa Payne Cochran is in the hospital with a broken leg, rib and a cut on her head but will recover from her injuries. Sending all the love to her for a quick recovery. ” According to the Daily Mail, the Cochrans run a studio in West Bountiful, Utah, and had travelled to Germany before visiting London."
"Chuck Palahniuk  —   author of the novel Fight Club, which spawned a cult classic film by the same name  —   says his book and the subsequent film are responsible for popularizing the use of the term “snowflake” to describe coddled people. [“It does come from Fight Club,” Palahniuk told the Evening Standard. “There is a line, ‘You are not special. You are not a beautiful and unique snowflake. ’”   The phrase “Snowflake” has been adopted by conservative commentators to describe the contingent of whiny,   millennials whose war on free speech on university campuses has become cause célèbre thanks to a disproportionate amount of media attention. To be sure, Palahniuk has noticed this phenomena of the “easily offended. ” “There is a kind of new Victorianism,” he said. “Every generation gets offended by different things but my friends who teach in high school tell me that their students are very easily offended. ” Palahniuk’s warning to liberals in the Age of Trump is to simply “stop being so offended. ” “The modern Left is always reacting to things, once they get their show on the road culturally they will stop being so offended. ” He explained. “That’s just my bullshit opinion. ” Former Breitbart News executive chairman and Trump senior adviser Stephen K. Bannon often characterized Breitbart News reporting as embracing themes of Palahniuk’s classic novel. “We call ourselves ‘the Fight Club.’ You don’t come to us for warm and fuzzy,” Bannon told The Washington Post this year. Nowhere in his description did Bannon mention snowflakes, however.   Follow Jerome Hudson on Twitter: @JeromeEHudson"
"Communications technologies have always played a substantial role in political realignments. Franklin D. Roosevelt’s skillful use of radio in his day ensured the New Deal coalition, Abraham Lincoln’s use of the telegraph helped pave the way for Republican control of government. This trend still holds true today. [The  ’s creative use of online movement building, coalition organizing, and millions in liberal foundation and Silicon Valley financing largely dominated the online political dialogue during the Obama years. But while radical netroots progressives have long paid lip service to an “open Internet” as an essential tool to ensure a free press and political transparency, their openness sophistry has always been a clever rhetorical head fake. The truth is they care nothing for Internet openness. For them, the end game is about Internet control.  Control the Media, As the Internet upended the advertising revenue model of traditional media in the last decade, the liberal foundations and   quickly filled the vacuum. George Soros alone is said to have contributed more than $48 million to dozens of leftist investigative news outlets like ProPublica. Since 2006, the Ford Foundation has invested a stratospheric $288 million globally in media, $162 million of which has been invested in the U. S.  —   largely as part of its “media democracy” movement, a sophisticated activist movement comprised of social justice radicals and hard leftists intent on supplanting objective journalism with sophistry masquerading as legitimate news. Control the Internet’s Infrastructure, In early 2015, President Obama passed rules regulating the internet for the first time in history. While leftist foundations were the primary financiers (Soros and Ford shoveled $196 million to   “open Internet” advocates) they were joined by Silicon Valley monopolies like Google and Facebook who opportunistically saw regulation as a way to further leverage their monopoly control of the Internet, in a bid ironically called “net neutrality. ” It helped of course, that companies like Google seemed to own the Obama White House: Google officials visited the White House more than 425 times during Obama’s two terms, and more than 258 officials and executives spun through the   revolving door during his two terms. Control the Platforms, More than any other event, the 2016 election exposed the left’s “open Internet” charade for the fraud that it always was. In the closing months of the election, Silicon Valley companies prodded on by their leftist activist and liberal foundation allies launched an   assault on Trump supporters, banning Twitter users, censoring Facebook content and even allegedly manipulating Google search results and Google autocomplete to favor their preferred candidate and disfavor her opponent. Silicon   mainstream outlets like Jeff Bezos’ personal blog The Washington Post published outlandish News of the   stories suggesting that Vladimir Putin poisoned Hillary Clinton  —   the supposedly real cause of her infamous collapse. Google and Facebook waded into the news process directly, declaring themselves arbiters of the truth by rolling out new “ ” features to debunk news stories that diverted from the official   globalist narrative. Taking Back the Internet, Into this fray marched a new breed of scrappy, rowdy, pugnacious activists that no one predicted. Soros’ henchmen and his Silicon Valley allies were caught   by a new group of real Internet freedom fighters. Armed with clever memes and immersed in Internet culture, this new conservative army used   activism, viral content, and humor to reach their audience. Today the same leftist “open internet” LARP’ers who championed internet freedom only two years ago have branded   frogs as hate symbols. Former presidential candidates even argue that conservative speech is not constitutionally protected. To keep the Internet truly free and open, Americans that support true internet freedom need to make their voices heard. This is the most important battle of our generation. It’s a fight against the   their corporate fellow travelers, and their big government allies working together to silence dissent and solidify their power once and for all. Join us in the fight to Free Our Internet.   McNally is the Director of Free Our Internet. Free Our Internet (www. freeourinternet. org) is a   citizen group whose mission is to educate the public about how leftist   and their powerful corporate allies in Silicon Valley have methodically used their wealth and political influence to erode the public’s internet freedoms and destroy alternative media. Our goal is to empower the public to fight back against the  ’s   war to control our means of communication, information, organizing, and mobilizing: the internet. Free Our Internet and its supporters stand for free speech and expression online, protecting the diversity of ideas, and opposing government actions that undermine Internet openness and transparency."
"Soul legend Sam Moore delivered a rousing rendition of “America the Beautiful” at the “Make America Great Again: Welcome Celebration” on Thursday. [Flanked by a chorus of backup singers, the Sam  Dave “soul man” performed the American classic in front of an audience of thousands, including   Donald Trump and his wife Melania, and Trump’s children.  In a statement before his performance, Moore said that he was “honored” to perform as part of Trump’s inauguration ceremony, and said he would not bow to pressure from   activists to cancel his performance. “We all as Americans need to unite behind our new President and give him a chance. He needs everyone’s support to make America greater, stronger and an even better country,” Moore said. “I am not going to let them, the left side, intimidate me from doing what I feel is the right thing to do for the country and that [presidential] seal,” he added, according to the Associated Press. “Give the man a shot. He hasn’t even said ‘I do’ yet. Give him a chance. If you don’t like him after four years, then don’t vote for him next time. ” Other performers at the   concert included country artists Toby Keith and Lee Greenwood, rock band 3 Doors Down and piano virtuosos The Piano Guys. Watch Moore’s complete performance above.   Follow Daniel Nussbaum on Twitter: @dznussbaum,  "
"William Binney, a former highly placed NSA official turned whistleblower, contended in an exclusive interview today that the National Security Agency (NSA) is “absolutely” monitoring the phone calls of President Donald Trump. [Binney was an architect of the NSA’s surveillance program. He became a famed whistleblower when he resigned on October 31, 2001 after spending more than 30 years with the agency.  Asked whether he believes the NSA is tapping Trump, Binney replied: “Absolutely. How did they get the phone call between the president and the president of Australia? Or the one that he made with Mexico? Those are not targeted foreigners. ” Binney further contended the NSA may have been behind a data leak that might have revealed that Michael Flynn, Trump’s national security adviser, allegedly misled Vice President Mike Pence and other Trump administration officials about the contents of his phone calls with Russia’s ambassador to Washington. Regarding Flynn’s case, Binney stated of the NSA: If they weren’t behind it, they certainly had the data. Now the difference here is that FBI and CIA have direct access inside the NSA databases. So, they may be able to go directly in there and see that material there. And NSA doesn’t monitor that. They don’t even monitor their own people going into databases. So, they don’t monitor what CIA and FBI do. And there’s no oversight or attempted oversight by any of the committees or even the FISA court. So, any way you look at it, ultimately the NSA is responsible because they are doing the collection on everybody inside the United States. Phone calls. Emails. All of that stuff. He was speaking on the podcast edition of this reporter’s talk radio program, “Aaron Klein Investigative Radio,” broadcast on New York’s AM 970 The Answer and Philadelphia’s NewsTalk 990 AM. During the interview, Binney referred to a 2008 report referencing two NSA whistleblowers who said they worked at the agency’s station in Fort Gordon, Georgia and were asked to not only monitor phone calls of U. S. citizens but transcribe them. Utilizing data provided by whistleblower Edward Snowden, the Guardian and Washington Post in June 2013 released a series of articles reporting that the NSA was collecting the telephone records of millions of Americans. Prior to those reports, National Intelligence Director James Clapper claimed on March 12, 2013 during an open session of the Senate Intelligence Committee that the NSA was not “wittingly” collecting data on Americans. “Not wittingly,” Clapper said when asked whether the NSA was spying on U. S. citizens. “There are cases where they could inadvertently, perhaps, collect, but not wittingly. ” During the interview, Binney charged that the NSA was   and out of control. He offered recommendations for how he says Trump can reign in the agency: He can order that they put a filter on the front end of all their collection that eliminates any U. S. citizens anywhere in the world unless they have a warrant for it. If they don’t, then he has to put people in jail if they violated. So, I mean, that’s the way to do it. The other way is to cut their budget. I mean they are given too much money anyway. When they are given too much money, they get to do wild and crazy things. And this is wild and crazy. Violations of the Constitution’s 4th, 5th, and 6th amendments. On Wednesday, Trump singled out the NSA and FBI in a series of tweets about Flynn’s case as well as reports in the New York Times and Washington Post claiming further contacts between Trump advisors and Russia. The real scandal here is that classified information is illegally given out by ”intelligence” like candy. Very  !  —   Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) February 15, 2017,  Thank you to Eli Lake of The Bloomberg View  —   ”The NSA  FBI  …    should not interfere in our politics  …    and is” Very serious situation for USA,  —   Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) February 15, 2017,  Information is being illegally given to the failing @nytimes  @washingtonpost by the intelligence community (NSA and FBI? ).Just like Russia,  —   Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) February 15, 2017,  The Times on Tuesday seemed to be quoting from intercepted phone calls to report on alleged contacts between Trump campaign aides and Russian intelligence agents. The Times reported: Phone records and intercepted calls show that members of Donald J. Trump’s 2016 presidential campaign and other Trump associates had repeated contacts with senior Russian intelligence officials in the year before the election, according to four current and former American officials. American law enforcement and intelligence agencies intercepted the communications around the same time they were discovering evidence that Russia was trying to disrupt the presidential election by hacking into the Democratic National Committee, three of the officials said. Aaron Klein is Breitbart’s Jerusalem bureau chief and senior investigative reporter. He is a New York Times bestselling author and hosts the popular weekend talk radio program, “Aaron Klein Investigative Radio. ” Follow him on Twitter @AaronKleinShow. Follow him on Facebook."
"Thursday, House Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi ( ) told reporters that allegations Attorney General Jeff Sessions met with Russian officials was “completely different” from former Attorney General Loretta Lynch’s secret meeting with Bill Clinton during the 2016 election.  “[T]here couldn’t be a starker difference,” Pelosi said. “Attorney General Lynch had a social encounter, serendipitous, some might say, that the former president of the United States came by to say hello and they discussed their grandchildren. ” “She did not have a major role in the Hillary Clinton campaign. This is a completely different thing. The reason we have been saying that the Attorney General Sessions should step aside and maybe should never have been confirmed is because he was a surrogate,” she continued. Pelosi later called the two situations “completely different, day and night. ” (  Daily Caller) Follow Breitbart. tv on Twitter @BreitbartVideo"
"Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu signaled his support for President Donald Trump’s wall on the Southern border of the United States.  “President Trump is right. I built a wall along Israel’s southern border. It stopped all illegal immigration,” Netanyahu wrote on Twitter. “Great success. Great idea. ” Earlier this week, Trump used the Israeli wall as an example of why he wanted to build a similar wall for the US. “A wall protects. All you have to do is ask Israel,” Trump said during an interview with Sean Hannity this week. “They were having a total disaster coming across, and they had a wall. It’s 99. 9 percent stoppage. ” Trump signed an executive order on Wednesday, ordering the construction of the wall that he vowed to build during his presidential campaign."
"Witness Sen. @RandPaul: ”Nobody would have survived . .. it would have been a massacre” if not for the Capitol Police https:  .  On Wednesday’s broadcast of CNN’s “New Day,” Senator Rand Paul ( ) credited Capitol Police officers on the scene for preventing the shooting at a Congressional baseball practice from turning into a “massacre. ”  Rand said, “I can tell you, that I think with absolute certainty, nobody would have survived without the Capitol Hill Police. They saved everybody’s life. Incredibly brave and deserve everyone’s praise, because, with this guy, who knows what his  —   how heavily armed he was, but nobody else had a weapon. So, he was just killing everyone  —   he would have.   …     They deserve our gratitude for saving  —   it would have been a massacre without them. ” Follow Ian Hanchett on Twitter @IanHanchett"
"The media establishment has given France’s new president a warm welcome  —   but hints cautiously at persistent challenges, the legitimisation of Marine Le Pen, and trouble for Brexit. [The French press, which swung overwhelming support behind Emmanuel Macron prior to the vote, was unsurprisingly positive about his election but emphasised the scale of the challenges the    would face and declined to write him a blank cheque.  La double une de @Libe du lundi 8 mai https:  .  pic. twitter.   —   Libération (@libe) May 7, 2017,  Libération, a   outlet in which Macron’s former employer Edouard de Rothschild has a large stake, congratulated the newspaper with a simple “Well played” with an accompanying back cover of Ms. Le Pen turned away from the viewer and captioned, “Well done”. #ALaUne de notre édition spéciale #Présidentielle2017 en kiosque dès cet  . Et pour vous abonner ➡️ https:  .  pic. twitter.   —   Le Monde (@lemondefr) May 8, 2017,  The venerable Le Monde, an afternoon newspaper which stands as one of France’s two   “newspapers of record” along with Le Figaro, showed Macron walking through the shadows to his podium alone, with the headline: “The triumph of Macron, the challenges of the president”  —   a nod to the difficulties he will face at the helm of a country struggling with terror attacks a sluggish economy, and rising dissatisfaction with the EU. . @EmmanuelMacron on every frontpage in Germany. Commentators believe: Election of #Macron is also a victory for Europe, but he needs support pic. twitter.   —   DW | Politics (@dw_politics) May 8, 2017,  The new president is on “every front page” in neighbouring Germany, where his victory has been hailed as a victory for the faltering EU. The Frankfurter Allgemeine Zeitung, a daily which passes as conservative in Germany, leads with the headline: “Europe has avoided the nightmare. ”   daily Tageszeitung struck a similar tone, claiming: “The clear victory of Emmanuel Macron is an enormous relief for France. ” THE GUARDIAN FRONT PAGE: ’Macron wins French presidency  —   but a country remains divided’ #skypapers pic. twitter.   —   Sky News (@SkyNews) May 7, 2017,  Spain’s leading newspaper, El País,  was equally adulatory, running an editorial praising Macron for defeating “extremism” and urging him to “rescue” his country and “refound” Europe. EDITORIAL | Francia en marcha https:  .  #EleccionesFrancia pic. twitter.   —   EL PAÍS (@el_pais) May 8, 2017,  With much of the British media establishment also leant towards Macron during the contest, their reception was markedly less jubilant. The En Marche! leader took a backseat to stories covering domestic issues and medical breakthroughs in a number of popular outlets. The   Guardian ran with the headline: “Macron wins French presidency  —   but a country remains divided. ” The establishment Financial Times was less circumspect, opting for: “Macron sweeps to victory in French presidential election. ” Just published: front page of the Financial Times international edition for May 8https:  .  pic. twitter.   —   Financial Times (@FT) May 7, 2017,  The Daily Telegraph was more sober, acknowledging that Macron’s victory casts a “cloud over Brexit” given his ardent support for the EU and hostility to Britain over issues such as the   divorce bill and the (tangentially related) question of juxtaposed border controls at Calais. TELEGRAPH: France’s new hope puts cloud over Brexit #tomorrowspaperstoday pic. twitter.   —   Neil Henderson (@hendopolis) May 7, 2017,  U. S. coverage of the election lacked the urgency of the European reporting, for the most part. The New York Times pushed the establishment view in its editorial, claiming that Macron’s election “was a victory of hope and optimism over fear and reaction of a future in Europe rather than in resentful isolation”. But the newspaper also conceded that “the outcome was a watershed for [Marine Le Pen’s] party, giving it new legitimacy”. Marine Le Pen didn’t win France’s election. But the outcome was a watershed for her party, giving it new legitimacy. https:  .   —   The New York Times (@nytimes) May 8, 2017,  However, the executive editor for the popular Fox News television network, John Moody, described France as having taken “the easy way out” by plumping for the establishment candidate. Macron wins (France takes the easy way out) https:  .  via @FoxNewsOpinion,  —   Fox News (@FoxNews) May 8, 2017,  He noted that “France that it has halted  —   for the time being  —   the slide toward populism that the Brexit vote and Donald Trump’s election began,” but added: “It remains to be seen if Macron’s France will satisfy those French citizens tired of taking orders from the bureaucrats in Brussels. ”"
"A billboard in Indianapolis, IN is stirring controversy among local Muslim groups, says a Fox 59 report.  The billboard, seen going southbound   near the Washington Street exit mocks the prophet Mohammed as “The Perfect Man. ” The billboard then lists six bullet points about Mohammed to describe him. The points include: “Married a  ” “Slave owner  dealer,” “rapist,” “Beheaded 600 Jews in one day,” “13 wives, 11 at one time” and “Tortured  killed unbelievers. ” “I was a little disappointed when I saw that,” Farial Khatri of the Islamic Society of North America told Fox 59. “We do support free speech, but we do realize this is also rooted in bigotry,” Kahtri added. According to Fox 59, the Muslim Alliance of Indiana plans to raise money to put up its own billboard close by to spread a message of peace and kindness. Follow Breitbart. tv on Twitter @BreitbartVideo"
"A peaceful march to support President Donald Trump, as well as veterans, law enforcement, and first responders, was briefly interrupted by a dozen or so   protesters Saturday in Huntington Beach, California.[  Police arrested four people after they allegedly used pepper spray on the marchers during the peaceful procession attended by about 3, 000 on the beach in Orange County. According to the Los Angeles Times, the dozen or so    —   including one who wore a patch that said, “Only You Can Resist Racists Liars”  —   all refused to identify themselves, but one claimed that the group only used pepper spray after they were shoved and punched by their rivals. ” Video evidence appears to indicate otherwise: Trump Supporters Defend Themselves Against Antifa Thugs, Antifa throws first Punch.. Gets K. O! Huntington Beach, CA pic. twitter.   —   Immigrants☆4☆Trump (@immigrant4trump) March 25, 2017,  According to the organizers of the Make America Great Again march, the event was designed to show “we love our country and we want to show gratitude to the men and women who put their own lives on the line every day. ” Organizers were collecting donations during the event to benefit homeless veterans. Great turnout for MAGA March, Huntington Beach, CA pic. twitter.   —   Patricia Dickson (@Patrici15767099) March 25, 2017,  Capt. Kevin Pearsall of California State Parks told the L. A. Times that six people were originally detained but only four were arrested. He said three men were arrested on suspicion of illegal use of a Taser, and one woman was arrested on suspicion of assault and battery. None of their names were immediately released. Pearsall said all of those arrested were  .  Follow Samuel Chi on Twitter @ThePlayoffGuru."
"The Last Night is a dystopian, cyberpunk game with a Blade Runner feel, offering players a chance to explore a visually striking world that combines 3D and   graphics. [The game, developed by newcomer Tim Soret, turned heads when it was revealed earlier today at E3, the world’s largest gaming expo.  It also attracted the fury of the social justice left, after it emerged that Soret once supported the GamerGate movement, which criticized feminist and leftist attempts to make the world of gaming politically correct. Soret has also said he opposes feminism but supports egalitarianism. Well, there goes my interest in ”The Last Night” pic. twitter.   —   Elite Bear Agents (@Bearpigman) June 11, 2017,  Soret’s claim that GamerGate was an egalitarian movement is borne out by the evidence. Two surveys of the movements political views, including my own, found that a majority of the movement were   liberals who happened to disagree with censorship and political correctness. One survey even found that most GamerGate supporters voted for Barack Obama in 2012. Zoe Quinn, the feminist games designer whose complaints about allegedly sexist internet trolls drove coverage of GamerGate, was quick to condemn Soret for endorsing the   consumer movement. If you laid down with MRAs, abusive ex boyfriends, LITERAL NAZIS, et all, you deserve fleas.  —   thought daddy (@UnburntWitch) June 12, 2017,  Quinn is famous for Being Mad Online, and has arguably elevated the practice to an art form. She was even invited to the United Nations in 2015 to lecture the world on the dangers of “cyberviolence. ” Progressive anger is likely to increase when they learn more about the game’s political message, which offers a moderate critique of the left.  The game takes place in a future dystopia brought about by the rise of intelligent machines. Work has been abolished, and all humans (aside from the game’s protagonist) are sustained by a universal income. However, the abolition of work  —   historically a leftist goal  —   does not lead to utopia. From the game’s website: Humans first knew the era of survival. Then they knew the era of work. Now they live in the era of leisure. Machines have surpassed human labour not only in strength, but in precision, intellect, and creativity. Stabilised by universal income, people struggle to find their calling or identity, and define themselves by what they consume, rather than what they create. According to Heat Street, Soret originally envisaged the game as a warning against extreme progressivism. I find it interesting to show the danger of extreme progressivism, in the background of the game, the characters, and the story. Finally, we’ll have another take on the cyberpunk oppression instead of Big     companies. What if the surveillance, bullying, marginalization won’t come from governments but from the Internet? Leftists have been known to freak out when their favourite entertainers fail to make their acts sufficiently  . If political neutrality is objectionable to leftists, the thought of a smart, visually appealing entertainment product that actually critiques their goals would send them into a tailspin. It remains unclear, however, whether Soret’s views have changed since the comments published by Heat Street. In the wake of the controversy, Soret reiterated his belief in “equality  inclusiveness” but also acknowledged that the game will “challenge   progress as a whole. ” Controversy time. That’s fine. Let’s talk about it, because it’s important. 1  —   I completely stand for equality  inclusiveness.  —   Tim Soret @E3 (@timsoret) June 12, 2017,  3  —   The fictional setting of the game does challenge   progress as a whole but certainly not trying to promote regressive ideas.  —   Tim Soret @E3 (@timsoret) June 12, 2017,  Nevertheless, expect little, if any news coverage in the mainstream gaming press about The Last Night, apart from outraged  . Now that its developer’s former GamerGate sympathies have been revealed, however, politicized elements of the gaming press are unlikely to judge the game by its artistic merits alone. Unfortunately for them, some   gaming outlets already published pieces on The Last Night’s launch trailer before news of its creator’s GamerGate heresy spread on social media. The Verge, a Vox publication, called the trailer “gorgeous. ” Polygon, regarded as one of the most leftist gaming sites, and hailed it as “one of the   indie games” showed off by Microsoft at E3. Bleeding Cool praised its “vibrant and highly stylized” feel, while PC Gamer called it “stunning. ” The Last Night is scheduled for release in 2018 on PC and Xbox One. You can follow Allum Bokhari on Twitter and add him on Facebook. Email tips and suggestions to abokhari@breitbart. com."
"Speaking on the floor of the House of Representatives on Wednesday, Speaker Paul Ryan ( ) said that all lawmakers feel assaulted following the shooting earlier today in Alexandria where a man targeted GOP members who were practicing for the Congressional baseball game, set for tomorrow at Nationals Park. [“An attack on one of us is an attack on all of us,” Ryan said.  The lone gunman opened fire on lawmakers on the baseball field, wounding House Majority Whip Steve Scalise ( ) and others. “Two members of Mr. Scalise’s protective police detail were wounded as they exchanged gunfire with the gunman in what other lawmakers described as a chaotic,   10 minutes that turned the baseball practice into an   nightmare,” the New York Times reported. “The police said two of the five people were critically wounded. ” President Trump said in a statement that the shooting suspect, James T. Hodgkinson, 66 of Belleville, Ill. had died. Ryan said that lawmakers are “united” in their shock but also their resolve. He also praised the Capitol Police, which engaged in a gun battle with the shooter. “We are, as ever, awed by the tremendous bravery of the capitol police,” Ryan said. “It is clear to me, based on various eyewitness accounts, that without these two heroes, agent [David] Bailey and agent [Krystal] Griner, many lives would have been lost,” Ryan said. “Mr. Hodgkinson appeared to be have been fervent fan of Senator Bernie Sanders, according to a Facebook page with references to the Vermont senator,” the Times reported. “A LinkedIn page for James Hodgkinson had a profile photo showing Mr. Sanders’s famous hair and glasses and the words, ‘The Dawn of a New Democracy. ’” Senator Sanders in a personal statement condemned the attack."
"April 17 (UPI)  —   Video game publisher Electronic Arts and Lucasfilm have released the first trailer for Star Wars Battlefront II featuring new and familiar faces. [The clip, released during Star Wars Celebration in Orlando, details the game’s new single player mode which follows Imperial commander Iden Versio, who commands elite group Inferno Squad, as she seeks revenge following the events of Return of the Jedi.  The story will take place over the    between the ending of Return of the Jedi and The Force Awakens with players also assuming control of characters such as Luke Skywalker and Kylo Ren, notes IGN. In the second half of the trailer, Battlefront II’s multiplayer mode that spans all three eras of Star Wars films, comes into focus as well as new playable heroes and villains such as Rey, Darth Maul and Yoda. Multiplayer modes will support up to 40 players battling across maps based on planets Yavin 4, Mos Eisley and Starkiller Base among many more. Star Wars Battlefront II launches Nov. 17 for Playstation 4, Xbox One and PC."
"The New York Times has just published an   article saying that Mexico may give up its rightful claim to ownership of Texas, California and the entire Southwest of the United States, but only if the U. S.  government gives the hugely valuable prize of U. S. citizenship to many millions of Mexicans  —   plus citizenship for all their kids and grandkids, on and on, forever. [The infinitely valuable compensation is justified because today’s Americans must wipe away the moral stain of war crimes committed in the 1840s by the U. S. military and government, says the   by a Mexican historian and author, Enrique Krauze, who notably declined to forswear a alternative Mexican reconquista of the Southwest.  MEXICO CITY  —   The United States invasion of Mexico in 1846 inflicted a painful wound that, in the 170 years that followed, turned into a scar. Donald Trump has torn it open again  …       …     some Mexicans are proposing to remind Mr. Trump exactly what country was the first victim of American imperialism. They are calling for a lawsuit that would aim to nullify the Treaty of Guadalupe Hidalgo (signed on Feb. 2, 1848) in which Mexico  —   invaded by American soldiers, its capital occupied, its ports and customs stations seized  —   was forced to accept the American annexation of Texas and concede more than half the rest of Mexican territory, now including most of the states of Arizona, New Mexico and California  …                "
".@DonLemon: ”There’s no evidence that backs up the president’s original claim” that Pres. Obama wiretapped himhttps:  .  Monday on “CNN Tonight,” host Don Lemon explained the report that former National Security Advisor Susan Rice unmasked members of the Trump transition team as a “diversion. ”  “[L]et us be very clear about this,” Lemon stated. “There is no evidence whatsoever that the Trump team was spied on illegally. There is no evidence that backs up the president’s original claim. On this program tonight, we will not insult your intelligence by pretending otherwise, nor will we aid and abet the people who are trying to misinform you, the American people, by creating a diversion. ” Follow Breitbart. tv on Twitter @BreitbartVideo"
"In order to “break the vicious circle of anxiety” threatening the world, Pope Francis is calling on the media to shift their focus away from bad news toward “constructive forms of communication. ”[While praising the media for making it possible for countless people to “share news instantly and spread it widely,” on Monday the Pope said it is necessary to “break the vicious circle of anxiety and stem the spiral of fear resulting from a constant focus on ‘bad news’ (wars, terrorism, scandals and all sorts of human failure). ”  What is needed, Francis proposed in his yearly message to the communications media, is “an open and creative style of communication that never seeks to glamourize evil but instead to concentrate on solutions and to inspire a positive and responsible approach on the part of its recipients. ” “I ask everyone to offer the people of our time storylines that are at heart ‘good news,’” he said. The way to do this, the pontiff suggested, is by engaging in “constructive forms of communication that reject prejudice towards others and foster a culture of encounter, helping all of us to view the world around us with realism and trust. ” Francis was quick to insist that such a focus on good news “has nothing to do with spreading misinformation that would ignore the tragedy of human suffering, nor is it about a naive optimism blind to the scandal of evil. ” Rather, he said, it means working to overcome “that feeling of growing discontent and resignation that can at times generate apathy, fear or the idea that evil has no limits. ” Giving a nod to the growing battle over “fake news,” Francis said that news “may be good or bad, true or false” and it is up to the media to provide truth rather than falsehood. Francis also acknowledged the subjective component of news reporting, noting that a purely objective and unbiased journalism does not exist, since it necessarily entails “the choice of an interpretative lens that can select and gather the most relevant data. ” “Everything depends on the way we look at things, on the lens we use to view them. If we change that lens, reality itself appears different,” he said. In the case of Christians, the Pope proposed, confidence in the victory of Christ brings about “the conviction that it is possible to recognize and highlight the good news present in every story and in the face of each person. ” Follow Thomas D. Williams on Twitter Follow @tdwilliamsrome"
"Less than a month after the transgender star’s CBS legal drama Doubt was pulled after two episodes, Laverne Cox has reportedly made history again by landing a new leading role not specifically written for a transgender actor. [ABC announced Tuesday that Cox is set to   in a female buddy cop comedy series called The Trustee. A pilot for the series has been ordered by Warner Bros. TV and Elizabeth Banks and Max Handleman’s production company, Brownstone Productions.  Cox will play the character Amanda Jones, who is “a      finishing out her prison sentence doing menial tasks for the police department. ” New Girl actress Meaghan Rath will play Jones’ counterpart, Eliza Radley. The Wrap reports that this new series “marks the first time Cox has been cast in a major project where her own trans identity didn’t factor into the casting. ” The    actor made history last month as the first transgender actor cast as a regular on a broadcast series. Cox became a   talent after earning an Emmy nomination for work on Netflix’s Orange Is the New Black. The Trustee is written by Scherick and Ronn and is helmed by   television director Michael Engler.   Follow Jerome Hudson on Twitter @jeromeehudson"
"A student at Bethel University, in St. Paul, Minnesota, apologized to his Native American professor after he was called out for wearing a piece of Chicago Blackhawks apparel, which allegedly contains an “offensive” Indian mascot. [Bethel University Professor Jim Jacobs took to Facebook to vent his frustrations after student Cody Albrecht wore a Chicago Blackhawks sweatshirt to class.  “So your college professor is a Native American. A Native American who has spoken multiple times about the offensiveness of Indian Mascots. Yet you come to class with an Indian mascot sprawled across your shirt  …     Bold move sir,” Jacobs wrote in a   Facebook post. Albrecht was allegedly asked to meet with the head of the university’s social work department over the incident, which ultimately led to him offering a formal apology to the Jacobs and the members of the class in which he had worn the sweatshirt. “I’m glad to say that this became an incredible learning opportunity for the student we had a lengthy conversation about it and the student really listened to why those images are offensive and hurtful,” Jacobs stated on Facebook, seemingly satisfied with the outcome produced by his outrage over Albrecht’s choice of clothing. Facebook users from the Bethel community expressed outrage over Albrecht’s apology. “Is this satire?” one user wrote. I’m so confused. The guy wore a Chicago Blackhawks sweatshirt to class and had to make a public apology  …    . ?” Tom Ciccotta is a libertarian who writes about economics and higher education for Breitbart News. You can follow him on Twitter @tciccotta or email him at tciccotta@breitbart. com"
"Sen. Tom Cotton ( ) is calling on House Republicans to withdraw the Obamacare 2. 0 bill, the American Health Care Act, that House Speaker Paul Ryan put forward and “start over. ”[1. House   bill can’t pass Senate   major changes. To my friends in House: pause, start over. Get it right, don’t get it fast.  —   Tom Cotton (@TomCottonAR) March 9, 2017,   2. GOP shouldn’t act like Dems did in O’care. No excuse to release bill Mon night, start voting Wed. With no budget estimate!  —   Tom Cotton (@TomCottonAR) March 9, 2017,  3. What matters in long run is better, more affordable health care for Americans, NOT House leaders’ arbitrary legislative calendar.  —   Tom Cotton (@TomCottonAR) March 9, 2017,  The strong words from Cotton —  including the comparison of the process that Ryan has been pushing to the efforts now House Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi used to push Obamacare through back when she was Speaker —  come as Ryan has lost considerable support inside the Republican Party when it comes to this legislation. Sen. Rand Paul ( ) has been leading an effort along with Sens. Mike Lee ( ) and Ted Cruz ( ) and the House Freedom Caucus to get Republicans to rethink how they handle this rather rushing through what amounts to Obamacare 2. 0. The bill from Ryan keeps the individual mandate but tweaks it so the government no longer collects a tax from those who do not purchase health insurance but insurance companies —  with government backing for enforcement —  collect a fee from those who do not purchase health insurance. In addition, the bill keeps the Obamacare Cadillac Tax indefinitely and does not phase out other Obamacare taxes for some time after 2017, and also allows for illegal aliens to access Medicaid expansion funds in states —  all while not effectively rolling back the Medicaid expansion, most expert groups say. That’s all on top of the fact that Ryan’s bill does not actually repeal Obamacare, it just amends it slightly —  while keeping the same structures that the previous president’s landmark healthcare legislation put in place in the insurance universe. As Breitbart News has reported, many Republicans   —  including House members not in the House Freedom Caucus and Senators from across the party like Sen. Susan Collins ( ) who says the bill is dead on arrival in the Senate —  are lining up against the bill. As many as 70 or more House Republicans, multiple House GOP aides say, are currently against the legislation and want leadership to as Cotton says “start over. ” It remains to be seen what will happen next, but spokespersons for Ryan and for House Ways and Means Committee chair Rep. Kevin Brady ( ) —  another driving force behind the bill —  have not responded to requests for comment in response to Cotton’s call for them to “start over” on healthcare."
"While speaking at a rally in Kentucky on Monday night, Donald Trump referenced former San Francisco quarterback Colin Kaepernick and his struggles in trying to find a new team. [According to TMZ, Trump said:  “And you know, your San Francisco quarterback,” Trump said, via TMZ. “I’m sure nobody ever heard of him. I’m just reporting the news. There was an article today  —   I love to report the news and then they said I made a mistake, right? I said, ‘No, the people reporting the news made a mistake if it’s wrong.’ But there was an article today, it was reported that NFL owners don’t want to pick him up because they don’t want to get a nasty tweet from Donald Trump. Do you believe that? I just saw that. I just saw that. I said if I remember that one I’m gonna report it to the people of the Kentucky. Because they like it when people actually stand for the American flag. Trump references a story from Bleacher Report last week in which Mike Freeman cited an unnamed NFL source, claiming Kaepernick’s inability to sign with a team directly resulted from fears that it would lead to more protests, in addition to the fear that President Trump would tweet about their team. For what it’s worth, Kaepernick has said that he will not continue his anthem protests at NFL games. However, if Freeman’s story is accurate, the damage has already been done. Follow Dylan Gwinn on Twitter: @themightygwinn"
"In the first poll, after Gov. Jerry Brown’s asked the California Legislature to raise gas taxes and vehicle registration fees to spend $5. 2 billion a year more on transportation, voters solidly oppose paying more taxes to pay for Caltrans decision making by 3 to 1. [SurveyUSA polled 500 Californians on March 30, just after Brown announced on March 29 that he wants to “fix” transportation infrastructure by   the gasoline excise tax by 67 percent and bumping up the vehicle license fee by up to another $175 a year.  Brown had told National Public Radio that Democrat leaders in both branches of the Legislature planned to ram a bill through next week, despite Republicans calling it the state’s largest tax increase. Brown did not expect much opposition because the bill would only cost drivers $10 per month and reduce car repairs: “Yes, it costs money. And if the roof in your house is leaking, you better fix it, because it gets worse all the time. ” But Breitbart News commented that for a family of four with two teenage drivers, Brown’s $10 a month per driver works out to almost $500 a year. To pass such regressive and very unpopular taxes under state law, Brown would need virtually every vote from the state’s   Democrat majorities in both legislative branches. Brown’s party painfully remembers that when Democrat Gov. Gray Davis tried to triple vehicle registration fees in 2003, he was recalled and Republican Arnold Schwarzenegger won a special gubernatorial election by promising to immediately rescind the fees. SuveyUSA asked voters six questions: SuveyUSA also analyzed the results by gender, age, race, party affiliation, ideology, education, income, urbanity, and region. But with voters seeming to recognize that gas taxes and registration fees tend to be regressive because they impose similar costs on all income groups, the results tended to be very consistent across different demographics."
"Chaos erupted at New York Penn Station Friday evening after police used a taser on a man, causing mass panic among passengers inside the station who thought there was an active shooter. [A look at the chaos at Penn Station after Amtrak police used a Taser on a man. Details: https:  .  pic. twitter.   —   Eyewitness News (@ABC7NY) April 14, 2017,   Aftermath of the stampede in Penn Station. It was crazy. Unclear what exactly sparked it. @NBCNewYork pic. twitter.   —   Erica Byfield (@EricaByfield4NY) April 14, 2017,  Passengers fled from the station in a stampede —  fearing for their lives, fearing that a mass shooting was taking place over the holiday weekend, the Daily Mail reported. Video footage captured hundreds of panicked passengers rushing for the exit, knocking over others in their path. Splattered food, shoes, and discarded suitcases were left on the floor in the aftermath of the stampede. The panic began when Amtrak Police tasered two men in an attempt to detain them for disobeying orders, WABC reported. The fire department reported that a total of 16 people were injured. Twelve of them were taken to local hospitals. The popping sound of the taser led some people to believe there was gunfire in the terminal, and the rumors spread. “People were dropping luggage, kids, everybody was just running,” one witness told NBC Philadelphia. No shots were fired at Penn Station this evening. FDNY is on scene treating injuries that were sustained during panic.  —   Bill de Blasio (@NYCMayor) April 14, 2017,  Mayor Bill de Blasio wrote on Twitter that there were “no shots fired at Penn Station” to quash the rumors. People returned to the station to retrieve their belongings within the hour. There were also false reports of shots fired at Macy’s in Herald Square, just a block away from Penn Station. The multiple reports of an active shooter  shots fired in  around @Macys #HeraldSquare are UNFOUNDED at this time. @NYPDMTS,  —   NYPDCounterterrorism (@NYPDCT) April 14, 2017,  NYPD’s Counterterrorism Bureau put those rumors to rest in a tweet, saying they were “unfounded” at this time.  "
"The left has come up with a takeaway from fired FBI Director James Comey’s testimony before the Senate Intelligence Committee last week: The man who was in charge of the “world’s premier security and   forces” is a victim of sexual harassment. [Elle compared Comey’s    meeting with President Donald Trump to a terrible date:  It goes like this: Comey’s new boss invites him out to a work dinner when he arrives, he finds that what he assumed would be a group event has somehow turned into a    meeting. Comey is disturbed that his new boss calls him so often whereas his previous supervisor had initiated just two   conversations with him in two years, the new one insists on having ‘nine    conversations’ in four months —   ‘three in person and six on the phone.’ Those   conversations, like the ‘work dinner’ that wasn’t, have an air of uncomfortable intimacy before beginning, the boss waits for everyone but Comey to clear the room. Elle concluded that because Comey wouldn’t go along with his abuser, he was fired. Dough Porter of the San Diego Free Press said Republicans blame the victim, just as is often the case for rape victims. “Women who have ever reported rape   sexual harassment must have been experiencing a strong sense of deja vu with the pattern of Republican attempts to blame   Comey,” Porter said. Porter than cited Robin Abcarian’s column in the Los Angeles Times, which he said, “set the scene perfectly. ” “Is there a working woman alive who cannot identify with poor James Comey right now? The former FBI director’s boss tried to seduce him. When the seduction failed, his boss fired him. And then called him ‘crazy, a real nut job,’” Abcarian wrote. “Hell hath no fury like a scorned President Trump,” Abcarian wrote. “The parallels between Mr. Comey’s experiences with President Trump and the facts of a sexual harassment case  —   I am not the only one to notice them  —   should perhaps not be that surprising,” a Vox writer opined. And rather than focusing on how Comey admitted he helped presidential candidate Hillary Clinton by obeying   General Loretta Lynch order to downplay the investigation into Clinton’s  mishandling of classified information or how Comey leaked to the press the content of his private conversations with Trump, Vox focused on the “workplace issue. ” The Vox writer claimed: Sexual harassment is a workplace issue, one in which a supervisor abuses structural power over a subordinate. Americans tuned in, at least in part, to see if Comey would level allegations of improper use of power by his boss, so there was a sense in which the hearings were already set to cover ground familiar to many of us. The Washington Post called Comey’s testimony a “performance of a lifetime” that involved playing two roles at once  —   the “prototypical  ” and “the aggrieved victim of an undisciplined,   president. ” “In both roles, the play ends with Comey, the deposed FBI director, in a new and uncomfortable place  —   as the whistleblower, warning the nation about a president who schemes, lies and seeks to corrupt public servants under the guise of loyalty,” the Post reported. The Post actually turned to an acting expert to analyze what clearly was the vindication of Trump after months of speculation that he was under investigation for colluding with the Russians during his presidential campaign and practiced obstruction of justice for interfering with the investigation by firing Comey  —   both confirmed as not true by Comey. Derek Goldman, a theater director and founder of the Laboratory for Global Performance and Politics at Georgetown University, wrote: This was an unusually explicit example of someone in public life walking a tightrope between roles. Comey was trying to get across that ‘I’m trustworthy and I acted with integrity, on behalf of the greater good.’ That requires both his ‘aw, shucks’ dignity and a capacity to speak truth to power, to blow the whistle. Meanwhile, Newsweek called the Comey hearing “Washington’s Super Bowl,” based on the crowds that filled D. C. bars at 9:30 a. m. Thursday to drink and watch it unfold on big screen televisions. “To many of the women watching, the   seemed uncomfortably familiar,” Newsweek reported, citing a liberal Hollywood writer. “Nicole Serratore,  a theater and travel writer, tweeted that it read ‘so weirdly like a date with terrible guy.’ “Her   tweet was quickly followed by a more serious string of messages. ‘If you substitute sex for loyalty in all these exchanges it’s like a guy who does not understand consent  won’t stop until he gets his way,’ she wrote. ” So much of Comey’s dinner story echoes accounts of FOX sexual harassment. It’s hard to miss the weird parallels, including documentation.  —   emily nussbaum (@emilynussbaum) June 8, 2017,  So Comey told Jeff Sessions he didn’t want to be alone with Trump. Women across the country can relate.  —   Maxine Waters (@MaxineWaters) June 7, 2017,  “On Twitter, several women agreed with Serratore, adding that the committee’s questioning of Comey sounded like the   of sexual assault survivors,” Newsweek reported. “In response to Democratic Senator Dianne Feinstein’s question: ‘”Why didn’t you stop and say, ‘Mr. President, this is wrong. I cannot discuss this with you’?” Nell Scovell, a liberal TV writer and director, tweeted about the Comey’s testimony, describing “date rape. ”   rape”I remain puzzled by your response.” When he said Flynn’s a good guy, why didn’t you say X? Why did you stay in his room?  —   Nell Scovell (@NellSco) June 8, 2017, "
"Wednesday at the White House press briefing, New England Patriots tight end Rob Gronkowski interrupted the White House press briefing given by press secretary Sean Spicer.  Gronkowski asked Spicer if he needed any help, to which Spicer replied, “I think I got this, but thank you. ” Follow Breitbart. tv on Twitter @BreitbartVideo"
"WASHINGTON, D. C.  —   President Donald Trump, posed the question whether he would choose to pass healthcare reform or government funding through Congress next week, said he wants both. [“We’re doing very well on healthcare. We’ll see what happens. But this is a great bill. There’s a great plan. And this will be great healthcare,” Trump told a room full of reporters at a joint press conference with the President and Italian Prime Minister Paolo Gentiloni.  “It’s evolving,” Trump added. Congressional Republican leadership has struggled to make good on campaign promises to repeal and replace Obamacare. A hard push to pass House Republican leadership’s American Health Care Act (AHCA) has thus far failed to garner the votes needed for passage, with Republicans on both ends of the spectrum struggling to reconcile themselves to vote yes. “You know, there was never a ” Trump continued. “Remember, it took Obamacare 17 months. I’ve really been negotiating this for two months, maybe even less than that, because we had a   period where we did lots of other things the first 30 days. ” After two scheduled House votes were canceled, Trump expressed the intent to move on to tax reform. The President tweeted that he blamed the House Freedom caucus for the bill’s demise, despite additional opposition from moderates to the bill that House Republican leadership crafted and championed. Among the most vocal critics of the AHCA as the House leadership’s bill moved forward was Sen. Rand Paul. Just over a week after the canceled votes, Paul went golfing with Trump and the two talked about healthcare reform. During the Thursday joint press conference, Trump continued: But this has really been two months. And this is a continuation. And the plan gets better and better and better. And it’s gotten really, really good. And a lot of people are liking it a lot. We have a good chance of getting it soon. I’d like to say next week, but it will be  —   I believe we will get it. And whether it’s next week or shortly thereafter. As far as keeping the government open, I think we want to keep the government open. Earlier this week Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin said that with the pushback on the aggressive timeline for healthcare, he didn’t expect tax reform to pass until after the August recess. He did however indicate that he expects tax reform to pass in 2017. Follow Michelle Moons on Twitter @MichelleDiana "
"NEW YORK (AP)  —   Film director Oliver Stone, whose series of conversations with Vladimir Putin air next week on Showtime, said he watched Megyn Kelly interview the Russian president on NBC and concluded that “he knew his stuff and she didn’t. ”[Kelly’s interview, which aired on the debut of her newsmagazine, “Sunday Night with Megan Kelly,” on Sunday, “became   like,” Stone said, and was an example of how American journalism frequently leaves little room for nuance.  “I think she was attractive and she asked hardball questions, but she wasn’t in position to debate or counter him, because she didn’t know a lot of things,” he said. NBC News President Noah Oppenheim shot back that “no one here is interested in Oliver Stone’s unsolicited thoughts on Megyn Kelly’s appearance or his   opinion of her journalism. ” “But so long as we’re offering each other professional feedback, please let him know I don’t think he’s made a decent movie since the early ’90s,” he said. Putin was combative when asked in the NBC interview about hacking in the U. S. presidential election and relations between Russia and President Donald Trump’s team. He’s more serene on Showtime, where more than a dozen interviews that Stone conducted with the Russian president between 2015 and early this year unfold one hour per night for four nights starting Monday. As an example of where he believed Kelly was mistaken, Stone said the claim that 17 U. S. intelligence agencies had concluded the Russians were behind election year hacking and used as a preface for a question had been “walked back. ” It was a reference to testimony from James Clapper, former director of national intelligence, about a hacking report by three specific agencies. The independent organization Politifact has produced a report that backs Kelly, however, because Clapper had earlier said that all 17 intelligence agencies he had supervised agreed about Russia’s involvement. Stone, a controversial figure who has interviewed Fidel Castro and Hugo Chavez and produced a documentary backing Putin’s version of events in the Ukraine, conducts a Putin interview far less confrontational than Kelly’s, at least on the basis of two episodes provided for screening by Showtime. One critic, Marlow Stern in The Daily Beast, called in a “wildly irresponsible love letter” to Putin. The filmmaker’s style does include its share of ingratiating remarks. “You have a lot of discipline, sir,” he says at one point. “You are an excellent CEO. Russia is your company,” he says at another. Besides office   Putin is interviewed driving a car, walking through horse stables at his home and after he played in a hockey game. When Putin makes a claim about a letter he received from the CIA and Stone asks him to produce it, the Russian president says, “My words are enough. ” Yet Stone also challenges Putin on his authoritarian style and questions his claims of democratic reform. The filmmaker said in an interview that there are more direct questions about relations with the United States in the unseen third and fourth episodes. He asks Putin about assassination attempts and, while it was inadvertent in one case, captures a couple of   moments. Asked if he ever have bad days, Putin replies that “I am not a woman so I don’t have bad days,” adding a reference to “natural cycles” affecting behavior. During a discussion about gay rights, Putin said about a homosexual male: “I prefer not to go in the shower with him. Why provoke him?” Stone is aware that he’ll receive criticism for not pushing Putin hard enough. “I’m not a journalist,” he said. “I’m a filmmaker and I was taking a different approach. ” The project’s value comes in seeing Putin talking about his life and world view in an extended format, seeing the personal and political history that drives policy for the U. S.’s biggest adversary, and simply how his mind works. At one point Stone asks Putin about a 13 percent inflation rate, and is quickly corrected. “Twelve point nine,” he said. “It’s crucial for the United States to understand another point of view,” Stone said. “I’m interested in preventing a further deterioration in relations. ” The film also features Stone screening a copy of the Cold   satire “Dr. Strangelove” for the   Russian leader. “I pushed him where I felt he should be pushed,” Stone said. “At a certain point, you know that that person is not going to change his approach. He’s a leader. He thinks things through and he’s made his point. I can’t think of anything more that I could have said or done. ”"
"In the midst of ongoing debate about Russia’s interference in the 2016 U. S. presidential election and elections in France, former President Barack Obama spoke on the phone with French presidential candidate Emmanuel Macron on Thursday. [“Former President Barack Obama gently waded back into international politics on Thursday, talking by phone with French presidential candidate Emmanuel Macron,” Politico reported.  Macron, who, like Obama, favors France’s remaining in the European Union, is in an almost    race with candidate Marine Le Pen ahead of the first round of French elections on Sunday. Obama’s spokesman, however, denied that the phone call and Macron’s tweet to the former president following the phone call are an endorsement: Let’s keep defending our progressive values. Thank you for this discussion @BarackObama. pic. twitter.   —   Emmanuel Macron (@EmmanuelMacron) April 20, 2017,  “An endorsement was not the purpose of the call, as President Obama is not making any formal endorsement,” Obama spokesman Kevin Lewis said. “The main message I have is to wish you all the best in the coming days, and make sure, as you said, you work hard all the way through —  because you never know, it might be that last day of campaigning that makes all the difference,” Obama said in the phone call. “I will do my best, believe me,” Macron said. “So I will fight to the last minute, and we will keep in touch, and our teams will realize and organize a new contact and see how to work together if I’m getting to the  . ” The Hill reported that Macron initiated the call. Lewis said: President Obama appreciated the opportunity to hear from Mr. Macron about his campaign and the important upcoming presidential election in France, a country that President Obama remains deeply committed to as a close ally of the United States, and as a leader on behalf of liberal values in Europe and around the world. On March 29, Sen. Richard Burr ( ) chairman of the Senate Intelligence Committee tasked with investigating whether Russia interfered with the U. S. presidential election last year, warned that Russia is interfering with the French election. “What we might assess was a very covert effort in 2016 in the United States, is a very overt effort, as well as covert, in Germany and France,” Burr told reporters. “I remind you that we’re within 30 days of the first French election, with four candidates,” Burr said. “It will go down to two candidates with a runoff in May. ” “I think it’s safe by everybody’s judgment that the Russians are actively involved in the French elections,” Burr said."
"Ann Coulter, one of President Donald Trump’s biggest boosters, blasted MSNBC host Joe Scarborough on Friday for thinking that Trump is so stupid that he would fall for the left’s and the media’s “President Bannon” taunt.  “Scarborough must think @realDonaldTrump is really stupid to fall for this ‘President Bannon’ taunt,” Coulter tweeted. Scarborough must think @realDonaldTrump is really stupid to fall for this ”President Bannon” taunt. https:  .   —   Ann Coulter (@AnnCoulter) June 2, 2017,  On Friday morning, Scarborough maniacally repeated “President Bannon” at least seven times on his show, hoping Trump was so “stupid” and insecure that he would not see through Scarborough’s blatant stunt to marginalize chief strategist Stephen Bannon: President Bannon is on the wrong side of the majority. President Bannon may be right when President Bannon is looking at President Bannon’s primary base, but when President Bannon is looking at the overall scope of American voters   …     President Bannon’s not even reading the polls right for today.   …     Again, a small subset of the population that President Bannon’s obsessed with, After Trump pulled the United States out of the Paris climate accord on Thursday, the media and the left predictably went apoplectic. And like they have done whenever Trump has tried to keep his campaign promises, the media and   activists tried to vilify “President Steve Bannon. ” The Sierra Club sent out what now seems like a bat signal to the left, tweeting “Congratulations, President Bannon. ” The media and the left soon followed. And Scarborough then took it to another level on Friday. Congratulations, President Bannon. #ParisAgreement,  —   Sierra Club (@SierraClub) June 1, 2017,  As Breitbart    Joel Pollak wrote, the “‘President Bannon’ meme is one that gained traction on the left, several weeks ago, in what seemed to be a deliberate effort to tweak President Trump, and provoke him to sideline Bannon. ” After Time ran its “The Great Manipulator” cover and Saturday Night Live depicted Bannon as the White House puppet master, numerous mainstream media outlets implied that Trump had lessened Bannon’s influence in the White House because Trump did not like how Bannon was being portrayed in the press. Mainstream media reporters even declared that the “globalists” and “Democrats” and “New Yorkers” like Gary Cohn, Trump’s top economic adviser, and Dina Powell, Trump’s deputy national security adviser, were ascending in Trump’s White House. Scarborough, like Cohn and Powell, want to be adored by their fellow global elites in the   “Party of Davos. ” And they believe they will only get more stature among the   members of the “Party of Davos” if they persuade Trump to adopt globalist measures. Trump, though, got elected to fight the globalists.   voters, particularly those in the Rust Belt, elected Trump because he promised to combat the bipartisan elite in Washington whose first instincts always seem to be to sell out Trump’s   voters (who, by the way, lionize and respect Trump more than the global elites ever will) in favor of   policies the global elite and the “ ” intelligentsia prefer. As Coulter knows, those in Washington’s permanent political class and their globalist allies would not mind saying “Adios, America!” and pass a massive bipartisan “comprehensive” amnesty bill, for instance."
"Boris Epshteyn, the communications director for the Presidential Inaugural Committee, told Breitbart News Sunday on SiriusXM Patriot Channel 125 this weekend that “things are shaping up wonderfully” ahead of the inauguration of   Donald J. Trump, the incoming 45th President of the United States of America. Throughout the Sunday evening interview, Epshteyn sounded a tone of unifying the country —  all people nationwide —  behind the new President. [“We have got a great week of events,” Epshteyn said. “Tuesday and Wednesday there’s some private events, the chairman’s dinner, and the vice president’s dinner on Wednesday. The chairman’s dinner is on Tuesday. And then Thursday, we have official events, starting with the laying of the wreaths at Arlington Cemetery, paying homage and honoring those who gave the ultimate sacrifice to our beautiful democracy. And then you have got the concerts on the mall, and the voice of the people —  all of these groups, all of these people who are going to participate, flying in to participate, and we’re happy to give them the opportunity. So you have choirs, you have bands, you’ll have performers from all over the country representing the very best of America. And then you’ll have the Make America Great Again celebration —  Lee Greenwood, Three Doors Down, and Toby Keith, among other performers. And then, finally, remarks by the   Donald J. Trump on Thursday, and then Friday is the big day, of course. ”  Epshteyn noted that while this week, Trump’s inaugural week, is a celebration, the   is eager to get right to work. “This   who’s going to be President on January 20, ran to get this country working, to get this country safe, to get this country secure, and that’s what his focus is,” Epshteyn said. “But, of course it’s a celebration, but while it’s a celebration it’s also time to get to work. ” Epshteyn noted that Trump views it as “vital” to honor those who risk their lives to protect the United States and the people, so there is a big focus on the    ball which is expanding to include not just active duty servicemen and women, but also veterans, first responders like law enforcement, firefighters and EMTs, as well as wounded warriors. “It is so vital to honor those who risk their lives for Americans all over the country and all over the world,” Epshteyn said. “Someone going to work in rural Pennsylvania knows that there’s someone else going to bed or waking up across the world fighting to keep their freedom and save their freedom. That is such a key vision, a key portion of the American fabric. So there’s only three official inaugural balls this year. In 2009, there were nine or ten. So we have two official inaugural balls, and then the ball saluting the Armed Services and first responders. So important to honor those who are risking their lives, and as far as the first responders, those are who are keeping American lives safe every day across this country. ” Epshteyn highlighted a few events that the public can attend and pointed people to the Presidential Inaugural Committee (PIC) website, where people can get more information on where to go and how to get around Washington. “The key events for the American people are ‘The Voice of the American People Concert’ and the welcome celebration,” Epshteyn said. “All they got to do is show up. Just show up. Enjoy. They’re complimentary, no tickets required. And then for the swearing in: Here are the big moments, the traditional moments and key moments on the 20th. You go from Blair House, where the   is staying to St. John’s, then the traditional coffee and tea meeting between the outgoing President and first lady and incoming President and first lady, and then the swearing in on the West Lawn of the Capitol at noon. We want all Americans —  as many as possible —  to come and be with us and stand with us. Let’s unite together and celebrate all that’s great in our country. No tickets required. You can get tickets and register if you want, but no tickets required. Just show up. ” He added that this inauguration may be the most historic in U. S. history since the country has elected for the first time ever a businessman who has never held either elected or military office. “This is the most historic inauguration in a long time and probably in American history,” Epshteyn said. “We’re going to have so many people from across the country, and all these Americans here to come join with us and celebrate the fact that the Trump movement has arrived. And what is that movement? That is a movement of unity for the people. That’s a movement of us being together as a country and working together and being inclusive with each other and being leaders around the world. And it’s pragmatist, and that’s what Donald J. Trump is he’s pragmatic because he is a businessman. He knows how to get things done under budget and ahead of schedule, and that’s what he’ll be doing as President. ” LISTEN TO BORIS EPSHTEYN ON BREITBART NEWS SUNDAY: "
"Former assistant U. S. attorney and National Review senior fellow Andrew McCarthy discussed the fallout from the firing of FBI Director James Comey and the appointment of a special counsel with SiriusXM host Alex Marlow on Friday’s Breitbart News Daily. [McCarthy said there was little more than a semantic difference between the terms “special counsel” and “special prosecutor,” with the latter dating back to the Watergate scandal.  “What they tried to do after that was really institutionalize it with kind of a constitutional monstrosity that was known as the independent counsel statute, which was an unconstitutional arrangement because it allowed the court to pick a prosecutor, and they put other limitations on executive power,” he recalled.  “The Democrats loved it until Bill Clinton got into its crosshairs, and then they decided they didn’t like it so much anymore, so they let the independent counsel statute lapse in around 1999,” he said. “What we’ve had since then is what’s called ‘special counsel.’ The reason they dropped the word ‘independent’ is to make it clear this lawyer is not independent of the executive branch. It actually answers to the Justice Department and can be fired at will by the president, just like any inferior officer in the executive branch. ” Marlow said the “Comeygate” fallout from the FBI director’s firing has largely obscured the core question of whether Comey was a competent director, and has completely derailed President Trump’s legislative agenda. “I’ve known Comey for 30 years, so I have a personal relationship with him,” said McCarthy. “I disagree strongly with the way he handled the Hillary Clinton investigation but I kinda think, Alex, that he’s been the same guy all along. It’s the political expediencies and whirlwinds around him that have changed perceptions of him. ” “They loved him in July when he cleared Mrs. Clinton. They hated him in October when he reopened the investigation. He was given Satan status in November when they counted the votes. And now he’s Eliot Ness all over again because he’s pitted against Trump,” he said of the Democrats’ attitude toward Comey. “To me, he’s the same guy all along. He hasn’t really changed. He does now the same sort of stuff he’s done all along, for good or for ill. What’s changed is whatever is politically expedient to say about him or to use him. That’s what they do,” McCarthy said. McCarthy spoke highly of special counsel Robert Mueller (pictured) himself a former FBI director, calling him “a very patriotic American. ” “He’s about 72, so he’s about 14, 15 years older than I am. Back in his time, when he got out of Princeton, not everybody who got out of Princeton was going into the Marine Corps, which is what he did,” McCarthy said of Mueller.  “He was a   and    official in the Justice Department, in administrations of both parties. When he was FBI director, who was appointed by Bush, he was well enough regarded that Obama not only kept him on but extended him for two years. In order to extend him for two years, he needed Congress to sign off on that because of the   cap on the FBI director’s term, and he had no problem getting bipartisan support for that,” he said. “He’s kind of  . In some ways he’s the opposite of Comey, in that he’s the antithesis of flash. He’s not one of these guys you’re going to find out in the media, making a lot of press statements about the work that he’s doing,” McCarthy added. “The thing I like most about it, for this particular investigation  —   notwithstanding that I’m against having a special counsel to begin with, for reasons we could talk about  —   if you have to have one, I think having a guy of this kind of record, who’s 72 years old and has already made his mark, he doesn’t need this in order to make a splash or make a name for himself. At least we have a chance, perhaps, that he quietly goes about his business, does it efficiently, gets this thing resolved, and puts it behind us  —   because I think he’s the kind of guy who probably realizes this is terrible for the country,” McCarthy said. Marlow raised the contrary view, expressed by author Garrett Graff at Politico, that Mueller and Comey have been “preparing their entire lives” for the moment they could bring down a president and write themselves into the history books. From that perspective, Mueller’s position at the end of a distinguished career might make him more likely to take a shot at eternal fame  —   or at least President Trump’s adversaries might encourage Mueller to think that way.. “You have to hope that you have a guy who’s strong enough to resist all that,” McCarthy responded. “This is not a guy who has been in love with the media throughout his career. I haven’t detected, over the course of his career, that he gets moved by the press coverage. He’s always seemed to me to be a smart enough guy to know something that maybe Jim Comey had to learn the hard way, which is that whether you’re a hero or a goat often doesn’t have a lot to do with you. It has a lot more to do with whatever agenda the media has, and what they seek to be accomplishing that day. I think he understands that in a way that maybe most people don’t. ” “I’m hoping he won’t be moved by the press coverage. I hope he just does his job,” said McCarthy. He predicted the appointment of the special counsel would actually help President Trump get back on track. “It may give him at least a brief period of time where he can do some governing with this off of the front pages,” he noted. “It will never be completely off the front pages. ” McCarthy suggested it was the recent congressional hearings that distracted the Trump White House, since “they’re always big public events. ” “There will be a lot less action on this now on Capitol Hill, because one thing that congresscritters are usually very sensitive about is, they don’t want to be accused in any way of obstructing, or impeding, or interfering with a Justice Department investigation,” he observed.  “It looks like Mueller has been given a very broad mandate. It’s actually, as a practical matter, with a special counsel it’s hard to rein in their mandate. This one I think is extraordinarily broad, because it’s the kind of a case that you shouldn’t have a prosecutor for in the first place. It’s an intelligence matter, it’s not a criminal matter,” he contended. “So he’s going to have a wide berth to pursue issues. What that means is that Congress is going to have to back off on a lot of stuff, and maybe you’ll stop having these   hearings. Maybe that will mean Trump can go on his foreign policy trip, which is a big trip starting this weekend, and maybe he gets some movement on health care, and tax reform, and all the other stuff that he committed to do,” McCarthy speculated. Marlow asked if Mueller’s appointment might reduce the huge number of leaks coming out of the White House. “It’s certainly within his mandate, Alex, to pursue that,” McCarthy replied. “I actually think one prosecution would do the trick. If they could just get the unmasking of Flynn and find out who gave that name to the Times. ” “This is Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act wiretapping. There’s not a lot of people who have access to that information,” he elaborated. “It ought to be possible to figure out who did the unmasking, and from there to go from who did the unmasking to who got access to the information, and try to find the narrow world of people who may have been able to give that to  —   was it the New York Times that got it? No, it was the Washington Post. ” McCarthy predicted that “only one prosecution along those lines, or even if you couldn’t find the leaker, one aggressive attempt” might be sufficient to bring the flood of leaks under control. Breitbart News Daily airs on SiriusXM Patriot 125 weekdays from 6:00 a. m. to 9:00 a. m. Eastern. "
"Lorne Michaels, the creative mind behind Saturday Night Live, said that the   variety show never reached out to Rosie O’Donnell to take on the role of White House chief strategist Steve Bannon because she would have approached the role “from hate” rather than from comedy. [As part of a lengthy    interview with The Hollywood Reporter to talk about the show’s ratings resurgence, SNL cast member Leslie Jones explained the answer Michaels gave her when she asked why O’Donnell hadn’t been approached to play Bannon, as numerous social media users and the actress herself requested a few months ago.  “When you’re playing a character, you can’t play it from hate,” Jones said Michaels had told her. “You have to play it from funny, because when you play it from hate, it looks like you’re just being mean. ” In February, O’Donnell wrote on Twitter that she was ready to play Bannon on the   NBC comedy show if she were to get the call from producers. “I am here to serve,” O’Donnell wrote when asked if she was willing to take a turn as Bannon. “Alec has trump  —   melissa has spice  —   i would need a few days to prepare  —   so if called  —   i will be ready. ” The former View   even went so far as to update her official Twitter profile picture with a bizarre, Photoshopped image of herself as Bannon. “THANK U FOR MAKING THAT AMAZING ROSIE OBANNON PHOTOSHOP  —   I LOVE IT,” O’Donnell wrote on Twitter, thanking the artist who created the   photo. “all credit to johnny smith ! !! thank u johnny. ” all credit to johnny smith ! !! thank u johnny ❤❤❤❤ pic. twitter.   —   ROSIE (@Rosie) February 10, 2017,  Michaels has never spoken publicly about O’Donnell’s bid to play Bannon. However, Jones told THR she believes the showrunner made the right call by not approaching the actress for the part. “I love Rosie to death, but he might have been right on that one,” Jones said of Michaels.   Follow Jerome Hudson on Twitter @jeromeehudson"
"The leader of France’s National Front, Marine Le Pen, has opted to cancel a meeting with Lebanon’s Grand Mufti rather than wear an Islamic veil. [”It’s a no”: Marine Le Pen refused to wear a headscarf for a meeting with Lebanon’s grand mufti https:  .  pic. twitter.  Ms Le Pen is in the country to meet its leaders ahead of the first round of voting in France’s Presidential elections in April, in which she is expected to top the polls. But when offered a scarf to wear to a scheduled meeting with the Sunni religious leader, the Grand Mufti Sheikh Abdul Latif Derian, she declined.  “I met the grand mufti of ” she told reporters, referring to a 2015 visit to Cairo’s historical centre of Islamic learning. “The highest Sunni authority didn’t have this requirement, but it doesn’t matter. “You can pass on my respects to the grand mufti, but I will not cover myself up,” she said. Press officers for the cleric said they were “surprised by her refusal” as her aides had been informed in advance of the requirement to wear a headscarf. Le Pen is using a   visit to Lebanon to bolster her foreign policy credentials, and may be partly targeting potential   votes. Many Lebanese fled to France, Lebanon’s former colonial power, during their country’s   civil war and became French citizens. On Monday she met with Lebanon’s Christian President Michel Aoun  —   her first public handshake with a head of state  —   to discuss matters of mutual interest including the migrant crisis and combatting terrorism. “We discussed the long and fruitful friendship between our two countries,” she said following the 30 minute meeting, adding: We raised  …     the concerns we share over the very serious refugee crisis. “These difficulties are being overcome by the courage and generosity of Lebanon but this cannot go on for ever. ” Later the same day she met with the country’s Sunni Prime Minister Saad   with whom she discussed Syria. “I explained clearly that   …     Bashar   was obviously today a much more reassuring solution for France than Islamic State would be if it came to power in Syria,” she told reporters, going against current French policy to describe Assad as the “only viable solution” for preventing Islamic State from colonising Syria. On Tuesday she continued her visit by meeting with Lebanon’s Cardinal Mar Bechara Boutros   the Maronite Patriarch of Antioch and the Whole Levant, at the Maronite Patriarchate in Bekerke north of Beirut. Ms Le Pen’s refusal to don the Islamic scarf comes just a week after a delegation from Sweden’s “feminist” government were accused of hypocrisy for wearing headscarves for almost the entirety of their visit to Iran. “The veil is a symbol of the oppression of women in Iran, and it is not only customary, but legislated oppression of women,” the Swedish Liberal Party leader Jan Björklund said, adding: “It is very unfortunate that the Swedish ministers are appearing in pictures, now in circulation, with the veil on. ”"
"The lawyer nominated to serve as deputy to Attorney General Jeff Sessions shrugged off pressure by Democratic Senators who want him to appoint an independent counsel to investigate alleged Russian involvement in President Donald Trump’s 2016 campaign. [During a nomination hearing on Tuesday morning, Sen. Dianne Feinstein pressed Rod Rosenstein to appoint an “independent special counsel” to investigate Russians activities in the 2016 election. Her questions prompted Rosenstein to note that the former Attorney General Loretta Lynch and a current top department official have already declined calls for a special investigation.   “I certainly wouldn’t be in a position overrule them without having access to the facts that are the basis for their decisions,” Rosenstein said during the Tuesday morning nomination heading for himself and Rachel Brand, who is slated to take the number three slot at the department.  “I interpret that as a no, is that fair?” Feinstein responded.  “Well, I don’t know, Senator,” he responded. “I think the  —   the answer is I’m simply not in a position to answer the question. ” Rosenstein is being pressured by Democrats because Sessions declared last week that he would recuse himself from any investigation of the President. That recusal leaves Rosenstein, once appointed, with the legal power to appoint an outside investigator if an initial federal investigation finds evidence of illegal collusion between the Russians and Trump’s campaign deputies.  The GOP chairman of the panel, Sen. Chuck Grassley, nudged Rosenstein to say that civil servants working for Rosenstein can handle the task, without any role for a special outside investigator. Grassley: OK. Is there any basis on what you would not be able to handle such an  —   these investigations, given that the Attorney General Sessions has announced his intention to recuse? ROSENSTEIN: Senator, I’m not aware of any. I should tell you, of course, since I’m not involved in the matter, I don’t know what, if any investigation is currently ongoing within the department. So if I were confirmed, I would need to familiarize myself with the facts. I would need to consult with experts in the department. We have a complex set of rules and statutes that govern recusals [by officials]. And so I’m not aware of any requirement for me to recuse at this time. But as a lawyer, senator, I would have to know what it is I’m recusing from. And as a Department of Justice official, I’d have to rely on the advice I got from the career staff, we have folks who are trained to do just that. Several Democrats insisted that Attorney General Jeff Sessions be forced to provide more testimony about his one private meeting with the Russian ambassador in 2016.  “I think Senator Sessions should come back  …     he owes it to this committee to come back and explain himself,” claimed Sen. Al Franken.  Democratic Sen. Sheldon Whitehouse pressed Rosenstein for an investigation of the claims about Russian involvement, prompting Rosenstein to say that the intelligence agencies have agreed the Russians got involved and “we need to figure out who is responsible for it. ” Sen. Chris Coons pushed Rosenstein to investigate charges of illegal voting in the 2016 election, and pushed Brand to support the   “Violence Against Women” act. "
"Comedian and Family Feud host Steve Harvey says President Donald Trump has been making good on his promises to help restore America’s underprivileged communities. [Harvey met with Trump at Trump Tower after the election, where the two men discussed plans to partner with the president’s Department of Housing and Urban Development Secretary Dr. Ben Carson on an affording housing initiative.  “As for as doing what he promised me he would do, he is doing it,” Harvey told TMZ. “I’m working with HUD. I’m going to get some housing for underprivileged people. We’re going to set up some centers around the country. I’ve met with HUD. It’s going really well. God willing, it will work out. ” “He’s keeping his word to what he said he would do,” Harvey added when asked if he was happy with the job Trump has done so far.  The Think Like a Man producer faced heavy criticism over his decision to work with the Trump White House. CNN contributor Marc Lamont Hill called Harvey a “mediocre negro” who was seeking attention, while rapper and reality TV star T. I. said Harvey should “know way better than” to meet with Trump. Harvey defended his decision to work with Trump, saying “Change can only happen when we sit at the table. If we sit at the table, then we can have a say as to what’s to be eaten on the menu. I have an obligation to take a seat at the table when invited. ”   Follow Jerome Hudson on Twitter @jeromeehudson"
"Three robbers cut off a man’s thumb with a meat cleaver and slashed his face while they broke into his home in Queens, police sources say. [Two men, ages 59 and 62, were robbed in their St. Albans, Queens home by three men April 23, WPIX reported.  The    victim was carrying groceries into his basement apartment at 116th Road by Farmers Blvd. in St. Albans around 1:30 p. m. when he found a stranger in the room. The man took out a pair of gloves, while the victim asked him what he was doing there and if he was looking for another man who lives in the house, police sources said. A second man with a firearm then appeared and forced the victim into the apartment at gunpoint, demanding “money and dope,” the New York Daily News reported. One of the men took the victim’s cell phone and started tying him up, but the victim broke free and managed to take his attacker’s gun, police sources said. Police said while the    victim was trying to escape, one of the robbers slashed his face, hands, and thumb with a meat cleaver. The victim ran upstairs, where he was confronted by the third robber, who was wielding knives, before he escaped from the home and flagged down a neighbor who called 911. The    neighbor’s apartment was also broken into, but he was able to escape without any apparent injuries, CBS New York reported. The robbers then fled the house. The    victim was taken to a hospital, where he received 100 stitches to his face and hands and had his thumb  . The suspects are still at large."
"The media is “cheering on Democrats” and doesn’t give   Donald Trump the respect he’s due, says incoming White House spokesman Sean Spicer. [“There’s some positive aspects here and there, but largely it still continues to not treat him with the respect that he deserves,” Spicer told The Hill.  “I think for a lot of folks inside the beltway, and inside   they don’t fully appreciate the understanding that he has of where the American people are,” Spicer added. “They continue to mock him in ways, when it frankly just shows the lack of understanding of that they have of where the American people are and what they think. ” A longtime spokesman for the Republican National Committee, Spicer seared the press for “cheering on Democrats. ” “There are countless examples of the media engaging  —   overtly or covertly  —   cheering on Democrats and there’s no accountability. But it’s also not even frowned upon,” Spicer said. Once seen as awarding   Trump with    coverage, the media became increasingly adversarial toward Trump’s campaign. In the months leading up to Election Day, the GOP nominee said as much, describing the media as “disgusting and corrupt. ” “I am not only fighting Crooked Hillary, I am fighting the dishonest and corrupt media and her government protection process. People get it!” Trump wrote on Twitter. “It is not “freedom of the press” when newspapers and others are allowed to say and write whatever they want even if it is completely false!” If the disgusting and corrupt media covered me honestly and didn’t put false meaning into the words I say, I would be beating Hillary by 20%  —   Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) August 14, 2016,  I am not only fighting Crooked Hillary, I am fighting the dishonest and corrupt media and her government protection process. People get it!  —   Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) August 14, 2016,  It is not ”freedom of the press” when newspapers and others are allowed to say and write whatever they want even if it is completely false!  —   Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) August 14, 2016,  Trump’s frustration with and distrust of the media was validated when emails from John Podesta, Hillary Clinton’s presidential campaign chairman, revealed collusion between reporters covering the campaign and Clinton camp. Weeks after his victory, Trump met with heads of the same media organizations whose reporters were conspiring with Democrats to attack Trump. Now, just weeks before the Trump administration is set to establish its agenda, Spicer says they will be in daily communication with the media. “It will be a daily something. When I say ‘something,’ maybe it’s a gaggle, maybe it’s an   briefing,” Spicer said. “Maybe we solicit talk radio and regional newspapers to submit questions  —   because they can’t afford to be in Washington  —   but they still have a question. Maybe we just let the American people submit questions that we read off as well,” he continued. Spicer, who will lead the communication team for the Trump White House, said the  ’s use of Twitter is no worry for the people who elected Trump:  I think this is nonsense. I really do. Because at the end of the day the American people want more than anything else is results. And success. And he’s delivering already. And I think the American people  —   the people who have their jobs because of his actions  —   the taxpayers who have watched him save tax dollars, are appreciative, and I’m not too sure they’re concerned with the means by which he achieves that. Trump will not hesitate to hold the media accountable for its coverage of his administration, he said. “Journalists and everyone in America has a constitutional right to express themselves or write what they want to write,” Spicer said. “He equally has a right to make sure that the record is set straight, the facts are known, and that people can’t just take potshots without being held accountable. ” Follow Jerome Hudson on Twitter @jeromeehudson"
"The San Francisco Police Department (SFPD) is ending its coorperation with FBI counterterrorism efforts as part of the city’s larger rejection of President Donald Trump’s executive order on immigration. [On January 31, Breitbart News reported that San Francisco Police Chief William Scott, Sheriff Vicki Hennessy, and Mayor Ed Lee sent a letter to the Department of Homeland Security informing them that city would not comply with the order.  The SFPD is now cutting ties with the Joint Terrorism Task Force (JTTF) because it would couple SFPD officers with federal agents in carrying out the requirements of the immigration order. According to the San Francisco Chronicle, the JTTF was formed in 2007,  “when the police force entered into an agreement with the FBI that authorized   by San Francisco officers of people engaged in First Amendment activities such as religious services, protests and political assemblies. ” Opponent of Trump’s order  —   including the Council on   Relations (CAIR) which has been declared a terrorist organization by the United Arab Emirates and was named by federal prosecutors as an unindicted   in a Hamas funding operation  —  sent a letter to the San Francisco officials in January, asking them to adhere to “city and state rules” when working with the federal government. The Chronicle quoted CAIR attorney Brittney Rezaei as saying: “Under the new administration, there are a lot of unknowns and in particular, a lot of threats toward communities that have historically been surveilled by organizations like the FBI’s Joint Terrorism Task Force. It’s important now that we make sure that any local resources such as those within the San Francisco Police Department are complying with local laws. ” AWR Hawkins is the Second Amendment columnist for Breitbart News and host of Bullets with AWR Hawkins, a Breitbart News podcast. He is also the political analyst for Armed American Radio. Follow him on Twitter: @AWRHawkins. Reach him directly at awrhawkins@breitbart. com.  "
"President Donald Trump “strongly supports” the house Obamacare replacement effort spearheaded by Speaker Paul Ryan, according to a statement of administration policy sent to House Republicans. [“This bill begins to fulfill the President’s commitment to rescue Americans from the failures of the Affordable Care Act (ACA) and expand access to affordable, quality healthcare,” the statement from the executive office of the president read.  The statement adds that the bill is only part of the three step process to repeal and replace Obamacare. “If H. R. 1628 were presented to the President in its current form, his advisors would recommend that he sign the bill into law,” the statement read. Conservative opponents of the bill continue to voice discontent about the bill in it’s current form, as administration officials and members of House leadership work to corral enough Republican votes to pass the legislation. The House vote on the bill is scheduled for Thursday."
"Despite outcries from social justice warriors, pro golf great Tiger Woods recently played a round of golf with   Donald Trump. Now, the   Masters Tournament winner is talking about that visit. [After their December 23 game Woods, one of the most accomplished pro golfers in history, had quite a lot to say about his round with Trump including how the   hits a great long ball, according to USA Today.  “What most impressed me was how far he hits the ball at 70 years old. He takes a pretty good lash,” Woods wrote about Trump on his website. “Our discussion topics were   it was fun. We both enjoyed the bantering, bickering and needling. ” “We didn’t have a match and played for fun,” Woods continued. “I was testing drivers and fairway woods, and changed some settings. I think he enjoyed seeing the difference in shots when you experiment. ” Woods also went on to note that he has “had the privilege of playing golf with Mr. Trump, George H. W. Bush, Bill Clinton and Barack Obama. ” He then noted “and I appreciate the opportunity. ” Woods has also surprised many by announcing that he intends to try and get back to competitive golf, something that many felt would never happen. “I know many people doubted whether I would play competitive golf again, and to be honest, even I wasn’t sure. A year ago at Hero, I was asked the question and gave a completely different answer. But after a year of working harder than I’ve ever worked to get back, I knew it was possible,” Woods wrote in the blog post. “My love for the game never left. It’s just that the body would not allow me to play. Now my body is allowing me to do it again. Combine that with the amount of support I have received from so many people, and the help I’ve had from players and friends, and there is great reason for optimism. ” Follow Warner Todd Huston on Twitter @warnerthuston or email the author at igcolonel@hotmail. com."
"UPDATE: Milo also talked with Maher and his panelists, comedian Larry Wilmore, former GOP Congressman Jack Kingston, and former intel analyst Malcolm Nance of NBC during the Overtime segment.  Breitbart News Editor Milo Yiannopoulos discussed political correctness, the riots over Milo’s planned speech at the University of California, Berkeley, comedy, religion, the controversy Leslie Jones and “Ghostbusters,” mean words on the Internet, the   furor over Milo’s rhetoric, and the modern American left with comedian and TV host Bill Maher during an interview on Friday’s broadcast of HBO’s “Real Time with Bill Maher. ” Follow Breitbart. tv on Twitter @BreitbartVideo"
"Just when you think we have learned most of what there is to learn about Hillary Clinton’s emails, a new mole pops up out of the hole. [Last week, Judicial Watch released State Department documents including a declaration from FBI Special Agent E. W. Priestap, the supervisor of the agency’s investigation into Hillary Clinton’s email activities, stating that the former secretary of state was the subject of a grand jury investigation related to her BlackBerry email accounts.  The declaration was produced in response to Judicial Watch’s lawsuit seeking to force Secretary of State Rex Tillerson to take steps to “recover emails of former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton” and other U. S. Department of State employees (Judicial Watch, Inc. v. Rex Tillerson (No. 1:  )). We originally filed the lawsuit against   of State John Kerry. The Trump State Department filing includes details of the agency’s continuing and shameful refusal to refer the Clinton email issue to the Justice Department, as the law requires. In the filing, Priestap declares under penalty of perjury that the FBI “obtained Grand Jury subpoenas related to the Blackberry   accounts, which produced no responsive materials, as the requested data was outside the retention time utilized by those providers. ” On April 30, 2015, Judicial Watch sued Kerry after the State Department failed to take action on a letter sent to Kerry “notifying him of the unlawful removal of the Clinton emails and requesting that he initiate enforcement action pursuant to the [Federal Records Act],” including working through the attorney general to recover the emails. After initially being dismissed by the district court, Judicial Watch’s lawsuit was revived on appeal by a decision of the U. S. Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit on December 27, 2016. While at the State Department, former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton conducted official government business using an unsecured email server and email accounts. Her top aides and advisers also used  “state. gov” email accounts to conduct official business. Clinton left office February 1, 2013. The FBI convened a grand jury to investigate Hillary Clinton in 2016. Why is this information being released only now? It is disturbing that the State Department, Justice Department, and FBI are still trying to protect Hillary Clinton. President Trump needs to clean house at all these agencies."
"The Jerusalem Post reports: The father of the Israeli killed in the New Year’s Eve attack in Istanbul said on Sunday that he had tried to stop his    daughter from traveling to Turkey. [“I had a feeling,” Lian Nasser’s father, Zahar, said. “I told her not to go there, but  …     youthful stubbornness. I told her it wasn’t worth it with the current security situation. ”  “It’s very hard, I don’t understand what happened,” he told Channel 2. “It doesn’t make sense, just yesterday she contacted the family and told us about the trip and the fun she was having. ” Read more here."
"Facebook has hired the former Legislative Director for Senator Jeff Sessions, Sandy Luff, as director of executive branch public policy. [The company has also hired the Former Congressional Communications Aide for the Democratic Party, Nu Wexler, who previously worked for Twitter.  “Sandy Luff was the legislative director of Sessions’ Senate office before the Alabama Republican was tapped as the Trump administration’s top law enforcement official earlier this year. Luff was also on President Trump’s transition team,” reported The Hill on Thursday. “Facebook appears to be trying to increase its influence with the Trump administration. ” In a statement, Facebook’s Vice President of U. S. Public Policy, Greg Maurer, claimed the company was “excited” to have Luff on its team. “Sandy’s experience and understanding of the political landscape will make her an invaluable asset to our team,” expressed Maurer. “We are excited to have her aboard. ” Axios, who reported the story on Thursday, explained that by having Luff on the team, Facebook now has a “valuable link to an influential member of the [Trump] administration. ” “U. S. Army veteran Luff specialized in national security issues in the Senate and was described last year by Yahoo News as ‘very well regarded by Capitol Hill colleagues in both parties. ’” the news outlet added. Charlie Nash is a reporter for Breitbart Tech. You can follow him on Twitter @MrNashington or like his page at Facebook."
"The 2016 NFL season became known for the intermingling of football and politics. So, it should come as no surprise that only one week into 2017, that unholy alliance once again reared its ugly head. [On Saturday afternoon, the Texans and Raiders faced off in the   round of the NFL playoffs. The game pitted a third string quarterback making his first start against a monumentally overpaid free agent who was recently benched before getting his job back due to injury. If that alone didn’t make you want to turn the channel, during the game ABC ran a promo for this week’s upcoming episode of the sitcom “ . ”  The theme for the next edition of “ ” is a     tirade promoted as, “the election through the eyes of  . ” Needless to say, the “eyes of  ” did not smile in the aftermath of the election: At least they’re being upfront about their naked ambition to use this episode to create a Twitter firestorm. Some fire storming already ensued on Twitter after Trump supporters saw the promo on Saturday: Why does the @NFL keep playing a   commercial for the terrible show Blackish? They must not know their audience #MAGA #HillaryLost,  —   WolvesandSheep (@mikechilden) January 8, 2017,  No one watch #blackish. Not everyone who voted for Trump is a racist. That show caters to the lowest common denominator. How insulating #ABC,  —   Matt Falk (@therealmjf1) January 7, 2017,  Man, #Blackish looks so original! A Trump voter isn’t racist because she has black friends! Can’t wait to never watch a second of that show.  —   Steve James (@BigBuckeye24) January 8, 2017,  The show probably hopes the   will throw some gasoline on their Twitter firestorm by tweeting about the episode. After all, he has tweeted about “ ” before: How is ABC Television allowed to have a show entitled “Blackish”? Can you imagine the furor of a show, “Whiteish”! Racism at highest level?  —   Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) October 1, 2014,  I sincerely hope Trump doesn’t tweet about the episode. “ ” clearly intends to profit through demeaning Trump voters with every insulting stereotype under the sun. Having Trump, albeit unintentionally, adding to the show’s success and impact by tweeting about it would just be gross. The “Boycott the NFL” movement got some serious traction this year thanks to the antics of Colin Kaepernick and others. The best thing conservatives could do on Wednesday night is boycott “ ” as well. Follow Dylan Gwinn on Twitter: @themightygwinn"
"Two Republican senators took up the baton for populist immigration reform Tuesday when they announced their Reforming American Immigration for Strong Employment, or RAISE Act, designed to raise wages for ordinary Americans, restore legacy immigration levels, and reset family and worker visa programs. [“We are taking action to fix some of the shortcomings in our legal immigration system —  returning to our historically normal levels of legal immigration will help improve the quality of American jobs and wages,” said Georgia’s Sen. David A. Perdue Jr. who served on the chamber’s Judiciary Committee and was one the first and foremost Senate supporters of President Donald J. Trump’s campaign. Perdue was joined by Arkansas Sen. Thomas B. Cotton, his  .  “This is a first step,” Perdue said. “It is not a sweeping, comprehensive attempt to solve all legal immigration problems, nor does it address illegal issues. We are simply trying today to bring a rational, compassionate approach to this issue inside the immigration conversation. ” The bill is not a rejection of immigration, which is an important part of the country’s heritage, he said. “But, we see the records and we see the data and we see wages being absolutely depressed because of the supply of   workers. ” A Capitol Hill source close to Perdue told Breitbart News that the senator is motivated by the president’s attention to the immigration crisis, especially when it comes to eliminating the   “diversity lottery” visa program and other outdated programs. Cotton said he spoke to the president about the general outlines of the bill during the campaign and that morning. While he would not say that Trump endorsed the bill, he was clear that it is in line with the president’s priorities, and he and Perdue have an ongoing partnership with the White House staff. The Army Ranger veteran of Afghanistan and Iraq said his bill with Perdue takes the number of legal immigrants from  million to 500, 000 per year without addressing the   immigration programs. Cotton said this bill makes it a simple matter of supply and demand. “There has been a generation’  decline in blue collar wages,” he said. “The natural effect of having   and   workers in this country is going to be a tighter labor market that is going to put more upward pressure on wages of working folks. ” The RAISE Act shuts   so siblings, parents, and other members of a legal immigrant’s extended family are no longer automatically waved into the country, he said. However, the bill does allow for temporary visas for elderly parents, who are not coming to America to work or go on public assistance. Cotton had to repeatedly tell reporters that the bill is designed to primarily help American. “Our immigration system should focus on what is good for American citizens —  and if parents and siblings or adult children or their spouses have the skills that they need to succeed in our economy and contribute, then they can come in through other   programs. ” Cotton said the bill is focused on the 1965 Immigration and Nationality Act that remains the country’s framework. “We are looking for a more rational system. ” The Arkansas senator said that the immigration laws between 1924 and 1965 were too restrictive and there was a need in 1965 to open things up, especially given the record of America’s handling a refugees in the 1920s and 1930s. “Overall, you will see a reduction in the number of immigrants, but you may see an increase in other categories, where there is an empirical and demonstrated need for more immigrant labor —  particularly among the skilled and the   skilled,” he said. Watch the   press conference here: "
"Democratic U. S. Sen. Joe Manchin of West Virginia becomes the first Democrat to publicly back President Donald J. Trump’s selection for Secretary of State in ExxonMobil CEO Rex Tillerson, telling Breitbart News exclusively he considers the president’s selection to represent the United States on the world stage to be “honorable and patriotic. ”[Manchin told Breitbart News:  As a former Governor, I understand how crucial it is for an executive leader to have his team in place to conduct our nation’s foreign affairs. I have known Rex Tillerson for years through our work with the Boy Scouts of America and know him to be honorable and patriotic. I have no hesitation in supporting Rex Tillerson’s confirmation to be Secretary of State after the Office of Government Ethics described his ethics agreement as a sterling model for what they would like to see from other nominees. Rex Tillerson’s extensive career will bring a unique perspective to the state department, and I believe he will provide wise counsel and objective advice to the President on our nation’s foreign policy. I look forward to working with him in a bipartisan manner in the best interest of all West Virginians and Americans. Manchin’s decision to support Tillerson essentially guarantees full U. S. Senate approval of the energy executive to serve as Secretary of State whenever the vote occurs. The vote in the full U. S. Senate may not happen until next week, as Republicans and Democrats head into their party retreats later this week, and Democratic leadership in the Senate has been using a variety of procedural measures to slow down confirmation of Trump’s nominees. Tillerson was approved by the Senate Foreign Relations Committee on Monday, after Sen. Marco Rubio ( ) dropped his opposition and joined with all his fellow committee Republicans to support approval —  all the committee Democrats opposed Tillerson —  setting up a floor vote sometime soon. With 51 U. S. Senate Republicans not counting Sen. Jeff Sessions ( ) —  Trump’s nominee for Attorney General, who has yet to be voted on in the Senate Judiciary Committee or the full U. S. Senate —  it is likely that every single Trump nominee will be approved by the Senate. But Tillerson, who faced some criticism from people like Rubio and Sens. John McCain ( ) Lindsey Graham ( ) and Jeff Flake ( ) was not a done deal until after Rubio dropped his opposition. Now that Manchin is on board after this Breitbart News exclusive, it is likely other red state Democrats up for reelection in 2018 will follow his lead and support Tillerson —  giving the oil executive a little room for error inside the GOP when he didn’t have such room before Rubio dropped his opposition. Senate Foreign Relations Committee chairman Sen. Bob Corker ( ) previously told Breitbart News exclusively that several Democrats were privately on board with Tillerson’s nomination, but he didn’t name them. Now, Manchin is public and several more are likely to come forward."
"On the eve of the dropping a massive   bomb in Afghanistan targeting Islamic State (ISIS) fighters from Iraq and Syria hiding in an underground network in that country, Trump announced on Wednesday he is sending National Security Adviser Lt. Gen. H. R. McMaster there to assess the situation for troops on the ground. [Trump made the announcement during a press conference on Wednesday with North Atlantic Trade Organization (NATO) Secretary General Jans Stoltenberg, as reported by Military Times.  The U. S. has been at war in Afghanistan since 2001, after the September 11 attacks by radical Islamic terrorists on U. S. soil that killed 3, 000 people. The U. S. has some 8, 400 troops in Afghanistan, with an additional 5, 000 deployed from NATO allies, Business Insider reported. Army Gen. John Nicholson told Congress in February he needed a “few thousand” more troops in order to break what he called a “stalemate” with the Taliban terrorists. “Of about 400 districts in Afghanistan, the Taliban controls, contests, or influences 171 of them, according to the Special Inspector General for Afghanistan Reconstruction,” Business Insider reported. Voice of America (VOA) reported last month that the U. S. military in Afghanistan is ratcheting up the offense against the growing Islamic State branch in the   region. “Since he took office, President Donald Trump has been ramping up military operations against both the Islamic State, also known as ISIS and ISIL, as well as   particularly in Yemen,” VOA reported. “We stand confident that the new U. S. administration under President Trump will remain strategically engaged and continue its support,” Afghanistan’s Foreign Minister Salahuddin Rabbani said at an appearance at the Atlantic Council in Washington. American Navy Capt. Bill Salvin, the spokesperson and director of public affairs for the U. S.   coalition in Kabul, told VOA that “our goal in 2017 is to defeat   in Afghanistan. ” Green Beret Staff Sgt. Mark De Alencar, 37, of Edgewood, Maryland, was killed earlier this month fighting jihadists in the eastern part of Afghanistan near the Pakistani border. The fatality brings the total number of U. S. military deaths since the war started more than 15 years ago to at least 2, 249, most of which occurred under former President Barack Obama’s watch, according to Pentagon data. This marks the first time the bomb, known as the   or “Massive Ordnance Air Blast,” (MOAB) was used in combat. Its yield is 11 tons of TNT and has been nicknamed the “Mother of All Bombs. ” It remains uncertain so far if the bombing was planned under the Obama administration or the Trump administration. Pentagon spokesman Adam Stump said the plan has been in place for a “few months,” and that the weapon had been in Afghanistan for “some time. ” The final test of the MOAB took place on March 11, 2003 and was delivered into theater on April 1, 2003."
"Friday on MSNBC’s “Andrea Mitchell Reports,” NBC’s “Meet the Press” moderator Chuck Todd said President Donald Trump must accept “the fact” that Russia interfered in this election or he will be “on the brink of becoming a temporary lame duck presidency. ”  Todd said, “You have a presidency right now that I think is, it’s beyond saying it’s in crisis mode, it’s, you know, it’s on the brink, the question is on the brink of what? Is it on the brink of collapse? Is it on the brink of becoming a temporary lame duck presidency? Maybe it feels   temporarily right now. You’ve got a stalled agenda. Republicans who have no fear of this president right now. They don’t think there’s a political penalty to buck him. Obviously, the Russia cloud darkens all of the time, and all of these problems right now that they’re dealing with front and center are   by one person, the president of the United States who could not help himself with a tweet on this wiretapping nonsense. ” “That essentially helped unravel ten days of all things Russia in their part of this story,” he continued. “Then throw in the fact that he has decided to drive a wedge in his own party by going after the Freedom Caucus. Okay, but he also attacking Democrats at the same time. He has to go find a dance partner and he is alienating both of his potential dance partners on that front. On the normal political scale, he has problems. Throw in the fact that you have a president that cannot accept the fact that Russia interfered in this election. Until he accepts that fact, it will plague him. The world must be panicked that if he is tested right now by a Putin in the Baltics, by North Korea, is the United States prepared to lead in a crisis right now for the world?” (  RCP Video) Follow Pam Key on Twitter @pamkeyNEN"
"President Barack Obama starts the new year by dusting off his Twitter account, sending off a series of messages about his accomplishments as president. [“As we look ahead to the future, I wanted to take a moment to look back on the remarkable progress that you made possible these past 8 years,” he wrote on his POTUS Twitter account that his staff set up in 2015.  Obama proceeded to share some charts. One showing the end of the financial crisis and the job gains that were made under his administration as well as a jump of people who signed up for health insurance under the individual mandate required by Obamacare. He also boasted that under his administration, the country’s dependence on foreign oil was cut by more than a half, thanks to his clean energy policies. “[W]e acted on a global scale to save the one planet we’ve got,” he said, referring to his Paris Climate agreement. Despite campaigning as a supporter of marriage being between one man and one woman, Obama took credit for “realizing marriage equality. ” Obama also celebrated his record of foreign policy. “We brought home more of our troops  strengthened U. S. leadership —  leading with diplomacy  partnering with nations to meet global problems,” he wrote, despite the ongoing conflicts with Islamic terrorist groups like ISIS. The president has previewed a farewell speech in Chicago, in which he will look back on his legacy and his path forward as a citizen. “It’s been the privilege of my life to serve as your President,” he wrote on Twitter. “I look forward to standing with you as a citizen. Happy New Year everybody. ”"
"This article originally appeared in Foreign Policy:  Defeating the Islamic State was candidate Trump’s top   priority, one of the few policy issues on which he was consistent. While his claim to have a secret plan  —   and that keeping it secret was good strategy  —   was risible to national security experts, his policy goals were and are consistent. American effort should focus on fighting the Islamic State. Regime change to push Bashar   out of power was not only a lesser objective, but counterproductive to a stable   for Syria that prevents terrorism and too costly given Russia and Iran’s support for the regime. Stability is to be prioritized over humanitarian relief or democracy promotion. Russia is to be palliated, their interests supported. He proclaimed that “we are going to convey my top generals and give them a simple instruction. They will have 30 days to submit to the Oval Office a plan for soundly and quickly defeating ISIS. ” While strictly speaking that deadline has passed without apparent formal approval, the Departments of State and Defense have indeed been prioritizing defeating the Islamic State. Secretary of State Rex Tillerson made his first big international event the gathering of the coalition fighting the Islamic State, reinforcing the president’s twin messages that it is the administration’s top   priority, and that “the United States will increase our pressure on ISIS and al Qaeda and will work to establish interim zones of stability, through ceasefires, to allow refugees to return home. ” Read the full story at Foreign Policy."
"President Barack Obama assured Americans that the United States would survive a president Donald Trump, despite the hysteria promulgated by Hollywood and the liberal elites. [Obama admitted that reporters asked him what he was really thinking about the election results, despite his lofty rhetoric during the transition.  “What I’m saying really is what I think. I believe in this country. I believe in the American people,” he said during his last press conference. “I believe that people are more good than bad. ” Obama admitted that sometimes he cursed more behind closed doors and had periods of anger and frustration, but that he remained hopeful for the future of the country, despite Trump’s election. “At my core, I think we’re going to be okay,” he said. “We just have to fight for it. We have to work for it, and not take it for granted. ” He explained that his daughters Sasha and Malia did not feel that somehow “America has somehow rejected them or rejected their values” simply because of the election, adding that he and first lady Michelle Obama tried to teach them resilience and hope. “[T]he only thing that is the end of the world is the end of the world,” he said. “And so, you get knocked down, you get up, brush yourself off and you get back to work. ” Obama was asked to react specifically to Rep. John Lewis and at least 50 other Democratic members of congress who had publicly announced their plans to boycott the inauguration, but he refused to comment. “With respect to the inauguration, I’m not going to comment on those issues,” he said. “All I know is I’ll be there, as will Michelle. ”"
"“Hollywood hates the people who watch its shows,” Dan Gainor, vice president of Business and Culture at the Media Research Center, told Breitbart News Daily SiriusXM host Alex Marlow on Monday during a broad discussion of culture and politics. [Gainor pointed out that Hollywood continues to produce films designed to push the gay agenda, such as When We Rise, even though it rarely finds an audience.  “They’re pushing the gay agenda into Beauty and the Beast,” added Gainor. “The Left never stops, even when people reject it. I think I saw a joke [in which] someone said that if they’d had a drink every time they saw a commercial for When We Rise, they’d be drunk. The media pushed this so aggressively, and yet people don’t want to watch it. ” Gainor also cited the Law and Order franchise, which he said became “a screed against conservatives,” as another example of Hollywood’s bias. Regarding late night talk television, said Gainor, “You can feed the appetite of a couple million people and be very successful on a late night show that doesn’t have a lot of viewers. Samantha Bee  —   no one watches the show except for journalists. But, of course, it’s the in thing. The media keeps promoting her. You can’t go to almost any   website without seeing clips of her show because that’s what they want. They don’t want comedy they want agendas. ” Breitbart News Daily airs on SiriusXM Patriot 125 weekdays from 6:00 a. m. to 9:00 a. m. Eastern. "
"Last week, my organization, an   advocate, publicly released a 2016 disciplinary opinion from the   U. S. Department of Justice (DOJ) officially reprimanding a Southern Poverty Law Center (SPLC) attorney for unprofessional and frivolous behavior in immigration court proceedings. [For decades, DOJ’s asked us to contribute briefs in difficult and complex immigration cases and in one such case the SPLC, a   “ ” organization, took it upon itself to file an unsolicited brief with the immigration court attacking us as “white supremacist,” “” and “ . ” It was an odd bit of   considering my small team happens to include Catholics, Jews, and  .  Thankfully, even the Obama DOJ saw the move as a shameful and discreditable attack. DOJ’s disciplinary counsel fulsomely reprimanded the SPLC attorney, as well as attorneys from its   sending them a letter calling their attacks “frivolous behavior,” “derogatory ” and generally showing “a lack of professionalism. ” DOJ also stated that the involved attorneys abused the briefing process and failed to aid the administration of justice. DOJ’s reprimand actually builds on an existing trend for the SPLC. Over the last few years, the group’s “   ” approach has been skewered by a number of outlets, including Philanthropy Roundtable, Harpers, Counterpunch, Weekly Standard, Huffington Post, Reason, Washington Times, and Foreign Policy. The criticism seems to be correlated with the group’s   and increasingly incoherent “ ” standard, a problematic feature inherent in the group’s  . Like the proverbial shark that has to keep swimming, the SPLC must keep   and expanding its “ ” narrative lest its donors begin to stray. As JoAnn Wypijewski at The Nation once wrote, the SPLC knows “hate sells” and, hence, must continue telling donors that the Klan’s just around the corner. But with the KKK now basically extinct, what’s a “ ” like the SPLC to do? Apart from opening up an attack on us (31 years after our founding) the SPLC has recently labelled opponents of Common Core as “  extremists,” they’ve attacked almost every GOP presidential candidate as either homophobic or racist this past election cycle, and they’ve even attacked The Hobbit for apparently reinforcing the “White Patriarchy. ” So inflammatory and irresponsible is the group’s “ ” commentary, in 2012 they inspired an armed   activist to enter the Washington, D. C. headquarters of the Family Research Council (a   “hate organization” according to the SPLC) in an attempt to, in his words, shoot and kill “as many people as possible. ” Why their “ ” can’t be taken seriously was reinforced recently when they reportedly   death statistics from     including Florida’s Pulse Club, in a report that “proved” the US was undergoing a surge in “ ” terrorism. But arbitrariness has apparently been the group’s maxim for some time. In 2007, they teamed up with the Hispanic lobbying group, La Raza, when the latter mounted a massive public   in support of the   amnesty bill. As part of the initiative, the SPLC named and shamed as a “hate group” the bill’s biggest opponent, the   Federation for American Immigration Reform (FAIR, our sister organization). La Raza, which means “The Race” in Spanish, is an explicitly   organization that has close ties with and once gave an award to Jose Angel Gutierrez, a former leader of the   Unida Raza party (‘United Race’) and who once declared, “We have got to eliminate the gringo, and what I mean by that is if the worst comes to the worst, we have got to kill him. ”  Then there’s the SPLC’s mercurial founder, Morris Dees. Despite his outward appearance as a fighter of “hate,” before starting the group, Dees reportedly worked for segregationists George Wallace and   for Alabama   McDonald Gallion. Elsewhere, he’s claimed that the Confederate flag is part of his southern heritage. But, of course,   ’s an easy game to play. No one knows this better than the SPLC. For years, the group’s tried to smear FAIR by publishing random quotes from an early founder, Dr. John Tanton quotes which are not only presented out of context but date back as early as the   —  ancient history for many Americans and prior to FAIR’s founding. These attempts to tar the good name of a legitimate organization with a long public record that shows no sign of favoritism or discrimination are as infantile as they are shameful. Whatever the SPLC’s intentions, one thing’s certain: Those in the media that still use them as a legitimate “  source” have to stop doing so. What the SPLC wants is to insert into American public life a kind of extreme moral surveillance one which creates an atmosphere of soft oppression that says “become passive and be unmolested. ” This is absolutely not something America values as a nation and my organization will never bow down to such bullying tactics. Who really deserves smearing are   like the SPLC not immigration   like ourselves. We embrace debate, not hate. The SPLC should do the same. Dale Wilcox is the Executive Director  General Counsel for the Immigration Reform Law Institute (irli. org) a public interest law firm that advocates for immigration policies that serve the national interest."
"It sounds like the Deep State is getting nervous. Politico’s Nahal Toosi and Andrew Restuccia report that some federal bureaucrats are “panicked” by articles in Breitbart News and other conservative sites shining a light on Obama administration holdovers. [From Politico:  Conservative news outlets, including one with links to a top White House official, are singling out individual career government employees for criticism, suggesting in articles that certain staffers will not be sufficiently loyal to President Donald Trump by virtue of their work under former President Barack Obama. The articles  —   which have appeared in Breitbart News, the Conservative Review and other outlets  —   have alarmed veteran officials in both parties as well as current executive branch staffers. They say the stories are adding to tensions between career staffers and political appointees as they begin to implement Trump’s agenda, and they worry that the stories could inspire Trump to try purging federal agencies of perceived enemies. The claims posted on the conservative sites include allegations of   and   bias against staffers at institutions such as the State Department and the National Security Council. Breitbart News, whose former executive chairman Steve Bannon is now Trump’s chief strategist, has even published lists of workers that the president should fire. Read the rest here. "
"Tim Allen opened up briefly about what it means to be a conservative in Hollywood in 2017 during an interview with   host Jimmy Kimmel Thursday night, explaining that one must be “real careful” in talking about President Donald Trump or else risk being beaten up. [“You’ve gotta be real careful around here. You get beat up if you don’t believe what everybody believes,” the    Last Man Standing star told Kimmel when asked about his attendance at Trump’s inauguration in January.  “This is like ’30s Germany. I don’t know what happened,” he added. “If you’re not part of the group, ‘you know what we believe is right,’ I go, ‘Well, I might have a problem with that. ’” Allen told Kimmel he had never been to anything like Trump’s inauguration before. “This government does stuff big,” he said. “Just so many people, and when they show up, you know, the   gets in a helicopter and there’s jets and marines taking him this way and there’s parades, but it looks like a Cadillac parade, everything was just rows of Cadillacs. ” “My kids were going, ‘Is this the parade?’ It’s like black Cadillac after black Cadillac and then a tractor,” he joked. Allen was one of the few celebrities with positive things to say about Trump during the 2016 campaign. The comedian complimented Trump in January of last year, telling the Hollywood Reporter that Trump seemed like a candidate who “might be able to do the stuff that really needs fixing. ” “Give that guy the roads, bridges, infrastructure, power grid  —   just have him fix that sh*t for four years. He’s good at that,” the actor said at the time. “And he’s a businessman so he understands how debt load works. ” In an interview with Megyn Kelly after the election, Allen called out   celebrities in Hollywood for being “hypocritical” during the 2016 campaign. “What I find odd in Hollywood is that they didn’t like Trump because he was a bully,” Allen told Kelly. “But if you had any kind of inkling that you were for Trump, you got bullied for doing that. And it gets a little bit hypocritical to me. ” In his   with Kimmel Thursday night, Allen also joked about how Americans are willing to embrace ever increasing surveillance as long as we recognize the brands associated with it. “If the government drove down the street in a gray sedan with a camera on it, you’d be rioting, going to Washington,” he said. “But if it’s white, with emojis and ‘Google’ on it, hey, you’re waving at it! They’re taking pictures of your house!” Watch Allen’s interview with Kimmel above.   Follow Daniel Nussbaum on Twitter: @dznussbaum"
"Dr. Ben Carson sailed smoothly through his confirmation hearing to become Secretary of Housing and Urban Development before the Senate Committee on Banking, Housing and Urban Affairs on Thursday, despite grandstanding from Sen. Elizabeth Warren ( ) who used it as an opportunity to criticize   Trump’s recently announced trust arrangement. [“Thank you for what was actually kind of fun,” Carson told the committee when the hearing ended a little more than two hours after it began.  The retired neurosurgeon deftly answered questions about his qualifications for the job, stating that there is a “nexus between medicine and housing. ” People need safe homes and safe environments to thrive, he noted. “I believe government is important,” Carson told the committee. When it comes to running the Department of Housing and Urban Development, Carson said he will take “a more holistic approach” that focuses on “developing human capital. ” Several Democrats specifically praised him for taking that approach. “You talked about a holistic view, which I agree with,” Sen. John Tester ( ) said. “There’s a lot of people who scratch their head when you were nominated. What does he know about housing?” Sen. Heidi Heitkamp ( ) who faces a tough   campaign in 2018 in a state Donald Trump won easily, began. “I thought about you as a neurosurgeon. You know, you just might be the right guy if you focus on why people are in poverty,” she added. Carson told Heitkamp that he was concerned about “the human capital of people we are wasting. ” Throughout the questioning by the senators on the committee, Republicans articulated their support for his nomination and Democrats praised his “holistic approach” to the job for which he has been selected by   Trump. Three Democrats —  Sen. Elizabeth Warren ( ) Sen. John Tester ( ) and Sen. Sherrod Brown ( ) the ranking member —  used the Carson confirmation hearing as an opportunity to criticize   Trump’s trust arrangement announced Wednesday. Warren was the first to address the issue, even though Brown, as the ranking member, had the first opportunity to question Carson. “Before we get into the questions that I raised in my letter to you earlier, I want to get an answer to what I think should be a simple yes or no question,” she began. “If you are confirmed to lead HUD, you’ll be responsible for issuing billions of dollars in grants and loans to help develop housing and provide a lot of housing related services. Now, housing development is an area in which   Trump and his family have significant business interests,” she asserted. “Can you assure me that not a single taxpayer dollar that you give out will financially benefit the   or his family?” Warren asked. But Carson refused to play Warren’s game. “I can assure you that the things that I do are driven by a sense of morals and values and therefore I will absolutely not play favorites for anyone,” he responded. Warren persisted. “Let me stop right there. I’m actually trying to ask a more pointed question and it’s not about your good faith,” she said. “My concern is whether or not, among the billions of dollars that you will be responsible for handing out in grants and loans, can you just assure us that not one dollar will go to benefit either the   or his family?” the senior senator from Massachusetts asked. Again, Carson avoided the trap. “It will not be my intention to do anything to benefit any  …    any American. It’s for all Americans, everything that we do,” he said. Warren pushed the issue again. “Do I take that to mean that you may manage programs that will significantly benefit the  ?” she asked. “You can take it to mean that I will manage things in a way that benefits the American people, that is going to be the goal,” Carson responded. “If there happens to be an extraordinarily good program that is working for millions of people and it turns out that someone that you’re targeting is going to gain, you know, ten dollars from it, am I going to say, ‘No, the rest of you Americans can’t have it’?” he asked rhetorically. “I think logic and common sense probably would be the best way,” he told Warren. Warren then launched into a short speech criticizing   Trump and his trust arrangement: The problem is that you can’t assure us that HUD money —  not of ten dollar varieties but of   dollar varieties —  will not end up in the  ’s pockets. The reason you can’t assure us of that is because the   is hiding his family’s business interests from you, from me, from the rest of America.  This just highlights the absurdity and the danger of the  ’s refusal to put his assets in a true blind trust. He knows, he, the   knows, what will benefit him and his family financially, but the public doesn’t, which means he can divert taxpayer money into his own pockets without anyone knowing about it. The only way that the American people can know that the President is working in their best interests and not in his own is if he divests and puts his interests in a true blind trust. Transferring his holdings to his children does nothing, as the head of the nonpartisan Ethics Committee said just last night. Since the   refuses to address this voluntarily, we need to pass the Presidential Conflicts of Interest Act that I introduced with more than twenty of my colleagues, which would require him to do so. In his questioning of Carson, Sen. Tester also hit on the issue of  ’s trust arrangement. “The blind trust is so important because we elect people for the betterment of the country,” Tester said, adding that   Trump needs to set up a blind trust “just like Jay Rockefeller did when he was elected to the U. S. Senate. ” In the second round of questioning, Sen. Brown asked Carson to “commit to report back to the committee on any property owned by the Trump organization” involved in HUD transactions. “I would be more than delighted,” Carson responded. Brown also asked Carson to “set up a process to identify those properites. ” “I will work with you to set up a process,” Carson said. Several Democrats who questioned Carson thanked him for visiting with them in person prior to the hearing. Carson’s personal style and genuine interest in the welfare of low income Americans who currently obtain assistance from HUD seemed to resonate with the Democrats, with whom he already appears to have established personal relationships. “I believe government is important. Its role is to promote life, liberty, and the pursuit of happiness,” Carson told the committee. When it comes to running the Department of Housing and Urban Development, Carson said he will take “a more holistic approach” that focuses on “developing human capital. ” Carson said he intends to begin the job by gathering facts from the people who know the department best —  those outside Washington who deal with its programs, and those inside Washington who have been administering the program for years. “I want to go on a listening tour,” Carson said. “Before I go on the road, I want to do that at HUD,” he added. Carson’s calm demeanor and success at creating personal relationships with the Democrat senators on the committee during personal visits before the hearing were evident throughout the morning. Sen. Joe Donnelly ( ) asked for Carson’s commitment to help with lead poisoning problems in East Chicago, Indiana and opioid problems in Austin, Indiana associated with existing HUD projects, and the retired neurosurgeon readily offered it. Sen. Tester and Carson had an exchange about   mortgages. “Do you believe it is possible to have a   mortgage without a government guarantee?” Tester asked. “Yes I believe it is possible,” Carson answered. “How are you going to do it?” Tester asked. “The private sector. But you can’t do it overnight,” Carson responded. “Truthfully, I don’t see how it can happen,” Tester said. “But I’m willing to listen. ” Despite questions on a few points of policy from Democrats and the criticisms of   Trump’s trust arrangements, the entire hearing was calm and friendly in tone. “This is going to be a great committee to work with,” Carson said as the hearing closed. With all 12 of the Republicans in the committee strongly supporting his candidacy, and several of the 11 Democrats likely to do so as well, Carson’s nomination is likely to move through the committee easily. Given the Republican 52 vote majority in the full Senate, and the possibility that a number of Democrats will vote to confirm when the vote comes to the floor of the Senate, Carson appears well positioned to become the next Secretary of Housing and Urban Development."
"In a major tactical shift in its terror operations, the radical Islamists of the Boko Haram jihadist group have multiplied the number of women and girls deployed as suicide bombers in an effort to elude detection by security officials. [In the first     months of 2017, radical Islamists have deployed at least 27 females in suicide attacks in Nigeria and Cameroon, whereas in 2016, the female suicide bombings totaled 29 for the entire year. At this pace, Boko Haram will quadruple the number of young women —  many of them just girls —  coerced into suicide attacks on behalf of the terror group.  As Breitbart News reported last week, the surge in female bombers has been accompanied by a similarly sharp rise in the use of children as suicide bombers, with Boko Haram employing underage assailants three times as often as during the same period in 2016. “This is the worst possible use of children in conflict,” UNICEF officials said in a report on the topic, “Silent Shame: Bringing Out the Voices of Children Caught in the Lake Chad Crises. ” Some 117 such child suicide attacks have occurred in the past three years “across Nigeria, Chad, Niger and Cameroon,” the report found. The shift toward women and children as instruments of suicide assaults represents the implementation of a strategic measure already envisioned in 2015, when Boko Haram began experimenting more regularly with female bombers. “In the beginning Boko Haram militias arrived with guns or knives, killed and left,” said Mahamat Ahmat, head of security of the refugee camp Dar es Salaam at the time. “For weeks now, they have been carrying out suicide bombings, often using women and girls. ” Ahmat reported that the jihadists were using women and girls as kamikazes to more easily escape the notice of military controls that had checkpoints throughout the area. “Women and girls wear flowing garments and it is harder to detect whether they are carrying explosives underneath, and besides people tend to be less suspicious of them,” he said. In October, 2015, three young female suicide bombers blew up between   worshippers at a mosque in northeastern Nigeria. The three girls attacked simultaneously on the outskirts of Maiduguri, the capital of northeast Borno state. Two female bombers similarly killed 31 people in a Nigerian market in late 2016, through the coordinated detonation of IEDs (improvised explosive devices). As security measures have grown tighter, the use of children and women as assailants has increased as well. More and more desperate to avoid detection, female bombers have even begun carrying their infant children when carrying out attacks. This past January, two suicide bombers who carried out an attack at a market in Madagali, in the eastern state of Adamawa, had babies strapped to their backs. The women were able to pass a security checkpoint and were mistaken for civilians because they were carrying infants. Follow Thomas D. Williams on Twitter  Follow @tdwilliamsrome"
"On Tuesday’s Breitbart News Daily, SiriusXM host Alex Marlow asked Rep. Steve King ( ) about his controversial tweet in support of Dutch politician Geert Wilders. The tweet praised Wilders for understanding “demographics are our destiny” and that “we can’t restore our civilization with somebody else’s babies. ”[“This has been called one of the most racist comments of all time,” Marlow noted. “It’s clearly not, but I wanted to give you a chance to explain to the Breitbart audience what you meant by this. ”  “First, I would point out there’s no mention of race in that tweet,” King said. “That’s language that I used probably ten years ago when I was invited to Berlin to give a keynote speech before a group of European Union members  —   members of the European Parliament, as I recall they were. They wanted to know from this American, from a member of Congress who turned out to be me, how they were going to manage their country with a diminishing size of the pie as their country aged. ”  “So I gave them a speech that said, ‘I’m not here to tell you how you’re going to fight over the diminishing assets. I’m telling you your birthrate is so low that your population is declining, it’s at risk of collapsing, and you need to get your birthrate up,’ he continued. “The answer back was, ‘Well, we’re importing labor to take care of that. ’”  “I could see then in Europe the things that now are burning in the streets of Germany, and Sweden, and France, and multiple other countries in Western Europe,” he recalled. “And I said to them in that speech, ‘You cannot rebuild your civilization with somebody else’s babies. If you don’t care enough about your society, your civilization, to have enough babies to sustain your population  —   and hopefully increase, not decrease  —   then you shall shortly become extinct. ’” “Teddy Roosevelt said, ‘And I for one shall not lament your loss, and I will welcome the advent of a new group of people who do care enough.’ We’re watching as Western civilization is shrinking in the face of the massive, epic migration that’s pouring into Europe,” King contended.  “You’ve seen the videos of it. I’ve walked with those people. They’re building enclaves within the cities. They’re demonstrating against the host country and the host culture, while they’re soaking up the welfare. ”  “That’s got to turn, and that’s what that race is about. In the elections tomorrow in the Netherlands, I’m a strong supporter of Geert Wilders. He has seen this for a long time, and he’s a friend,” said King.  “If I were going to change anything  —   first of all, there’s only 140 characters, so I really don’t know why people hyperventilate over a tweet. Are they willfully ignorant? But if I had room to add on, I would say that you can’t rebuild your civilization with somebody else’s babies unless you adopt them and bring them into your homes and raise them as your own,” he said.  “That’s the core of that tweet. They’re importing a different culture, a different civilization  —   and that culture and civilization, the imported one, rejects the host culture,” he explained. “They are supplanting Western civilization with Middle Eastern civilization. ”  “I say, and Geert Wilders says, Western civilization is a superior civilization. It is the First World,” King contended.  “By the way, I took a look here since this thing blew up, and I printed out the fertility rate for 224 countries in the world. It comes up on CIA. gov. I took a look down through there. There are 24 First World countries out of the 224, and they’re Western civilization almost by definition. Of those 24, only one country has a birth rate that’s adequate to replace their population. That’s Israel, and they rank 73rd out of the 224. The other 23 First World countries are all below replacement rate,” he observed. Breitbart News Daily airs on SiriusXM Patriot 125 weekdays from 6:00 a. m. to 9:00 a. m. Eastern. LISTEN: "
"TEL AVIV  —   The Islamic State group has revealed what it claims is its military industry, which it says is supplying weapons to the organization’s fighters on a number of fronts, particularly in Syria and Iraq. [In a    video, the organization revealed what it said was the first suicide plane, used in an attack against Iraqi forces in Mosul. The video showed one man, Abu Hamza Alamriqi, who claimed that IS has developed a special missile used against buildings, personnel and military hardware. According to Alamriqi, the weapon is an improved model of an American missile.  In the video, IS propagandists showed the industrial process from manufacturing to firing on the Iraqi forces and, according to Abu Hamza, the shooting caused heavy casualties on the Iraqi forces. The video showed a fighter named Abu Jihad Alroussi presenting the manufacturing of ammunition and missiles. Abou Dajana Albelgiqi spoke about the organization’s   missiles. As he spoke, a video clip purported to show how the organization’s fighters shot down an Iraqi Army helicopter. Albelgiqi also showed a   device that he claimed enables remote firing of heavy weapons at aircraft and a remote that allows for the planting of explosive devices against Iraqi weapons. Those in the video who speak Western languages called on supporters in the U. S. and other Western countries to carry out attacks against the countries who participate in the coalition against IS in response to U. S. and coalition attacks against the terrorist organization in areas under its control. The Palestinian jihadist Abu Baker Almaqdesi, who fought in IS’ ranks, told Breitbart Jerusalem that “the Western fighters in IS are not a new phenomenon, but the effort to recruit fighters from Western countries is expected to continue despite the strong propaganda against the Islamic State and against Islam and despite the tactical retreats of the brothers in Syria and Iraq. ” According to Almaqdesi, “Despite what looks like retreat and the weakening of ISIS, only time and attacks in New York, Paris and London will prove that the Islamic State will not break. Allah promised victory to the few fighters who believe and that’s what will happen with the help of Allah. ”"
"Representative Thomas Massie (  ) is pushing a repeal of the   School Zone Act (GFSZA) in hopes that it may finally be done away with under President Donald Trump. [Efforts to repeal the act were originally undertaken by former Congressman Ron Paul. Massie’s push marks the third attempt to repeal the law.  Under the auspices of the GFSZA, public school mass shootings have been plentiful. The act was passed in 1990 and signed by President George H. W. Bush. In its wake a horrified nation has witnessed Columbine (April 20, 1999) Santana High School (March 5, 2001) Rocori High School (September 24, 2003) Red Lake Senior High School (March 21, 2005) Platte Canyon High School (September 27, 2006) Sandy Hook (December 14, 2012) Sparks Middle School (March 21, 2013) Arapahoe High School (December 13, 2013) and many others. In fact, ABC News reports that 141 students were “killed in a mass murder or attempted mass murder at a school since Columbine” alone. In light of the myriad slaughters of unarmed innocents, Representative Massie seeks to remove any federal barrier to teachers and staff being armed for defense of themselves and their students. Massie’s bill H. R. 34 is named the Safe Students Act. Massie’s office put out a press release in which he observed, “  school zones are ineffective. They make people less safe by inviting criminals into     environments.   zones prevent   citizens from protecting themselves, and create vulnerable populations that are targeted by criminals. ” The Safe Students Act is backed by the NRA, Gun Owners of America, and the National Association for Gun Rights. AWR Hawkins is the Second Amendment columnist for Breitbart News and host of “Bullets with AWR Hawkins,” a Breitbart News podcast. He is also the political analyst for Armed American Radio. Follow him on Twitter: @AWRHawkins. Reach him directly at awrhawkins@breitbart. com."
"TEL AVIV  —   The Western Wall should always remain under Muslim control and we will not give a single millimeter to the Israelis, the Palestinian Authority’s supreme Sharia judge and senior adviser to PA President Mahmoud Abbas said on Friday, contradicting earlier remarks made by a PA official who acknowledged that the Wall is one of Judaism’s holiest sites and as such should remain in Jewish hands. [“The   wall is an integral part of the Islamic faith and religion, and is associated with the Prophet Muhammad,” Mahmoud   said in a sermon broadcast on official Palestinian Authority TV, using the Islamic name for the Western Wall.  “It is an Islamic Waqf (endowment) that can never be for  . It cannot be under the sovereignty of  .   …     The   wall belongs to us and cannot be conceded,” he added. “We cannot possibly relinquish a single millimeter, a single stone, a single micromillimeter of the   Wall and of the blessed   Mosque. ” The Western Wall is the last remaining outer wall of the Temple Mount complex and is the holiest place for Jews to pray. Muslims believe the Prophet Muhammad tied   his winged horse, to the wall when he made his journey from Mecca to Jerusalem. Habash’s remarks came days after senior Fatah official Jibril Rajoub said on Israeli TV that the wall is a Jewish holy site and as such must remain under Jewish sovereignty. “We understand [the wall is] a holy place to the Jews. In the end, it must remain under Jewish sovereignty. We have no argument about that. This is a Jewish holy place,” Rajoub told Channel 2 TV in Hebrew. Rajoub, who is also head of the Palestinian Football Association, was praising U. S. President Donald Trump’s efforts to reach a peace deal between Israel and the Palestinians and commenting on Trump’s visit last month to Israel and the West Bank. Rajoub, who has in the past stated that he is proud he served time in an Israeli jail for lobbing a grenade at a bus full of IDF soldiers in 1970, later tried to deny he ever made such a statement. In a Facebook post, he declared that his remarks were mistranslated, and that he had not referred to Israeli sovereignty. Last month, Trump became the first sitting U. S. president to visit the Western Wall, but did so as a private visit. Last week, U. S. envoy to the UN Nikki Haley visited the wall in what was also billed as a private visit. Watch Habash’s sermon below, posted by the Middle East Media Research Institute (MEMRI). "
"Speaking at the Conservative Political Action Conference in Maryland Friday morning President Donald Trump took a swipe at the security situation in Europe, which has seen a number of bloody terror attacks in recent years. [Vowing that he would not allow the same attacks to take place in the United States, and that his administration would “keep radical Islamic terrorists the hell out of our country” President Trump at first made light of press coverage he’d received over his comments on Sweden earlier in the week.  Referring to the Swedes who spoke out against the widespread perception that the migrant crisis has been well handled by their nation, among them Sweden Democrats leader Jimmie Åkesson, President Trump said that his comments were quickly vindicated by civil unrest and criminality in Sweden itself. He said: “By the way, take a look at what’s happening in Europe. I took a lot of heat on Sweden, and then a day later, I said ‘has anyone reported what’s going on? ’. “And it turned out that not so many of them did. Take a look  …     I love Sweden, great country, great people. They understand, the people over there understand I’m right”. Turning to other European nations struggling with the impacts of the migrant crisis and the Islamist terrorists it has enabled to gain access to Europe, President Trump also namechecked Germany and France. Germany saw an unprecedented two years of Islamist terror to the end of December 2016, when a Berlin Christmas market was   by a terrorist driving a stolen truck. 12 were killed. Speaking of Nice, France  —   also attacked by an Islamist driving a truck at high speeds to mow down pedestrians  —   and of the French capital, the American president relayed an anecdote of a friend who once regularly visited Paris for pleasure. With the deteriorating security situation in the city, President Trump said his friend no longer visited at all. The remarks come just days after the latest Paris tourism figures show visitors fell 1. 5 million in 2016, which cost the French economy some €1. 3 billion. Looking at these problems in Sweden, Germany, France, and elsewhere, the President promised he wouldn’t allow the same fate to befall the United States. He said: “Take a look at what is happening to our world, folks. We have to be smart, we can’t let it happen to us. Let me state this as clearly as I can, we are going to keep radical Islamic terrorists the hell out of our country. “We will not be deterred from this course, and in a matter of days, we will be taking brand new action to protect our people and keep America safe. I will never, ever apologise for protecting the safety and security of the American people”. Watch: The President Trump CPAC 2017 Speech in Full, "
"When actress Meryl Streep made her speech attacking   Donald J. Trump at the Golden Globes on January 8, she also made a plea to join in support of a group few people have heard of  —   the Committee to Protect Journalists, or CPJ. [Unfortunately, the CPJ has switched much of its focus from protecting journalism to attacking Donald Trump and his supporters.  The stated goal of the CPJ is laudable: promoting freedom of the press by making sure reporters working on dangerous stories in dangerous countries are safe. It was that sort of work that led business guru Peter Thiel —  the former PayPal CEO who is now part of the Trump transition team —  to give CPJ a “substantial check” in 2009. At the time, Thiel said, “Technology can have positive and negative aspects. I want to help the CPJ defend the rights of online journalists. ” However, CPJ has given up any pretense of fairness. According to a “media watchdog” like Joel Simon, the threat to reporters is Donald Trump. In his clearly stated article titled, “Donald Trump threatens press freedom worldwide,” Simon declares that “Trump has consistently trampled on America’s First Amendment tradition. ” How has Trump been able to stamp on press freedom in Simon’s eyes, before Trump has even been sworn in? Trump’s sin, according to Simon, is that “Trump has insulted and vilified the press and called individual journalists dishonest and sleazy. ” Simon goes on to list outlets that he believes had their feelings hurt  —   whom, Simon says, Trump:   …     has systematically denied press credentials to outlets who have covered him critically, including the Washington Post, BuzzFeed, Politico, the Huffington Post, the Daily Beast, Univision and the Des Moines Register. Simon is stretching the truth to claim that these news outlets were denied coverage throughout the campaign. This reporter was at one of Donald Trump’s final campaign stops in Iowa, just before the general election, and spoke to McKay Coppins, a notoriously harsh Trump critic who was part of the traveling press pool. Coppins wrote for Buzzfeed —  one of the publications Joel Simon says was “systematically denied press credentials” —  when he penned articles such as 2014’s 36 Hours On The Fake Campaign Trail With Donald Trump. After the election, Coppins was hired by The Atlantic. The outlets named by Simon went far beyond covering Trump critically. These media companies immediately set out to diminish Trump, distort his message, demean him and his supporters personally, and destroy his campaign. They didn’t even hide this. Take the Huffington Post, another outlet CPJ’s Simon says was denied media access. About a month after Trump announced he was running, HuffPo took the extraordinary step of not reporting about Trump’s political run in their politics section, as they explained in A Note About Our Coverage Of Donald Trump’s ‘Campaign’:   …    we have decided we won’t report on Trump’s campaign as part of The Huffington Post’s political coverage. Instead, we will cover his campaign as part of our Entertainment section. Our reason is simple: Trump’s campaign is a sideshow. A few months later, as Trump was dominating in the   to the GOP primary, HuffPo was shamed into covering him, with a petulant piece titled, A Note on Trump: We Are No Longer Entertained. Eventually, the Huffington Post, unable to stop Trump’s momentum, took the extraordinary step of posting the following disclaimer to every article about him: Note to our readers: Donald Trump is a serial liar, rampant xenophobe, racist, misogynist, birther and bully who has repeatedly pledged to ban all Muslims  —   1. 6 billion members of an entire religion  —   from entering the U. S. If you believe the media watchdogs would think, logically, that this crossed a line —  guess again. Benjamin Mullin, writing for   media watcher Poytner, actually defended HuffPo’s   screed that would be attached to every Trump article. Mullin characterized this bias as “pushing up against traditional notions of journalistic neutrality. ” If you want to understand how these   media watchdogs think, remember —  Joel Simon of the Committee to Protect Journalists says that Trump is a threat to the First Amendment because he wasn’t happy with the coverage from the Huffington Post, which he called mere “criticism. ” In response to the rhetorical question, “Why not hew to a more straightforward editorial stance and let readers draw their own conclusions about Trump?” Mullin doesn’t apologize for the media’s attempts to poison the well against Trump, but actually defends it as part of the mission to help inform readers. Mullin writes: Being fully upfront and honest with readers is a mark of our respect for their ability to think freely and for themselves. Withholding certain bits of information out of a fear that it will brainwash readers is the opposite. But of course, the HuffPo disclaimer is, in fact, “withholding certain bits of information”  —   specifically anything positive. Another news outlet that the Committee to Protect Journalists director Simon says was treated unfairly is the Washington Post, which published an   by Dana Milbank titled, “Donald Trump is a bigot and a racist“: Let’s not mince words: Donald Trump is a bigot and a racist. Some will think this an outrageous label to apply to the frontrunner for a major party’s presidential nomination. Ordinarily, I would agree that   is part of what’s wrong with our politics. Milbank’s attack shows the attitude of the establishment press —  including the Committee to Protect Journalists’ Joel Simon and Poytner writer Mullin —  towards Trump. The mainstream media believe Donald Trump is a unique threat, on the scale of Hitler, Stalin, and Chairman Mao. Sound like hype? It’s not. This is from the Poytner article: What makes Donald Trump deserving of this kicker, in your mind? The Huffington Post publishes items about individuals who’ve said lots of unsavory things  —   Hitler, Mao Zedong, Josef Stalin  —   but none of them include kickers detailing their misdeeds. He is a unique figure in American politics, and in some ways the American people know him well, and in others they’re just getting to know him. Starting from that premise, it’s anything goes. Journalistic standards be damned, the establishment media sees themselves on a mission to save humanity, so of course they aren’t going to apply the same standards to Hillary Clinton or Barack Obama. Committee to Protect Journalists director Joel Simon agrees with this assessment and admits to The Hollywood Reporter that he sees Obama —  who has repeatedly gone after whistleblowers and maintained a wall of secrecy that even CPJ was forced to admit was horrible —  is entirely different than Trump: What’s fundamentally different is the overt hostility with Trump, the attacks on individual reporters, the threats to weaken libel laws. There’s a heightened rhetoric that is different. Given this fervor to save America from the evils of Donald Trump, how does the media handle the fact that Trump won the election? Simple, says Simon. The problem is that people have figured out they can route around the mainstream media. A recent article by Simon called, “Journalism’s delivery system, not the coverage itself, is broken” said that the public’s inability to make “informed decisions” is proven “not only by the shocking Trump victory, but also by the Brexit vote” because the people have learned to”:   …    get their news through social media feeds. The Washington Post or The New York Times may be perfectly balanced in terms of their coverage of each candidate, but such efforts make no difference when readers are more likely to access individual stories affirming their political biases through their Facebook feeds. Yes, argues Simon: the New York Times and Washington Post have been perfectly fair, but the people just missed it. President Obama made this exact same point, back in July 2015 when he appeared on The Daily Show, bemoaning the fact that the country isn’t united behind one ideology: “Overall, I think the problem with our interaction with the media is overstated,” Obama said, adding that with the “Balkanization” of the media it’s hard for the country to get one common conversation “around something other than the Super Bowl. ” Obama said that it’s tough to get people to do an “  special on urban America” because it’s “tough to get everyone focused the same way. ” It never seems to occur to politicians like Obama or pundits like Simon that the “  special on urban America” might not appeal to viewers, because they don’t want to be preached at by the leftist media any more, especially when that preaching contradicts what they see with their own eyes. People have seen the media’s coverage of stories like Black Lives Matter and have decided that media isn’t worth their trust. Simply put, people like Simon, Streep, and Obama do not understand the mood of the common people. They fail to comprehend Americans who have watched the establishment media try to force narratives like “Hands up! Don’t Shoot!” down their throats, only to have the reality turn out to be far different than the picture painted by the media. The liberal establishment doesn’t get it, but judging by Breitbart News’ leap to the 45th most widely read website in the country, the American people sure do. Follow Breitbart News investigative reporter and Citizen Journalism School founder Lee Stranahan on Twitter at @Stranahan."
"The Canadian House of Commons has passed motion M103 which singles out the criticism of Islam as a form of “Islamophobia”. Critics condemn it as an attack on free speech. [Motion M103 was tabled by Iqra Khalid, a Muslim member of Prime Minister Justin Trudeau’s Liberal Party. It states the government must “condemn Islamophobia and all forms of systemic racism and religious discrimination” was taken to vote on Thursday evening where a total of 201 MPs voted for it and only 91 voted against, Canadian broadcaster Global News reports.  The text of the motion does not clarify what constitutes “Islamophobia” and has led many to speculate what that may mean in the future, with some critics fearing it could lead to Shariah law courts. This concern has led to the circulation of an   petition on the Parliament of Canada website, which has so far been signed by over 24, 000 people. Ms. Khalid, who was born in Pakistan and moved to the UK and then to Canada, said the definition of Islamophobia was: “The irrational hate of Muslims that leads to discrimination. ” When Conservatives asked her to remove Islamophobia from the motion, she said: “I will not do so, any more than I would speak to the Holocaust and not mention that the overwhelming majority of victims were six million followers of the Jewish faith and that   was the root cause of the Holocaust. ” Another part of the bill that has stirred controversy is the passage that asks the government to “recognise the need to quell the increasing public climate of hate and fear”. It is currently unknown what measures the government will take to “quell” “hate and fear” as the motion is not classified as a law and has no effect on current criminal law. The Conservative Party of Canada are currently holding leadership elections and many of the candidates have come out against M103 including one of the frontrunners, Quebecer Maxime Bernier. Mr. Bernier, a conservative with libertarian free market leanings, said he voted against the bill tweeting: “Free speech is the most fundamental right we have. I am opposed to #m103. Canadians should be treated equally regardless of religion. ” Free speech is the most fundamental right we have. I am opposed to #m103. Canadians should be treated equally regardless of religion. #cpcldr,  —   Maxime Bernier  (@MaximeBernier) January 26, 2017,  Prime Minister Justin Trudeau, who during the election campaign championed Muslim women wearing hijabs and full face niqabs, dropped an appeal by the previous government that would not allow women to wear niqabs to Canadian citizenship ceremonies. Trudeau has also appeared at many mosques, including one where the women weren’t allowed in the main prayer room with the men but were forced to pray in a separate area upstairs. The   “feminist” Prime Minister said: “Diversity is a source of strength, not just a source of weakness, and as I look at this beautiful room  —   sisters upstairs  —   everyone here, (I see) the diversity we have just within this mosque, within the Islamic community, within the Muslim community in Canada. ”  Follow Chris Tomlinson on Twitter at @TomlinsonCJ or email at ctomlinson@breitbart. com"
"Leftists took to Twitter Monday night to tweet about their fears of Islamophobia following the terrorist attack at an Ariana Grande concert in Manchester, England. [While law enforcement has yet to identify the perpetrator of the attack,   accounts have celebrated the bombing on social media. Leftists across Twitter focused on the possible spread of “Islamophobia” following the attack at an Ariana Grande concert in Manchester, which killed 19 people and injured at least 50 others.  How are some people using this tragic event as a way to spread their islamophobia. This is world is so sick. Praying for all the victims.  —   Sami (@iPlayNicely) May 23, 2017,  Don’t use #Manchester incident as an excuse for Islamophobia. Stand with our beautiful Muslim siblings  don’t scapegoat innocent people.  —   Quen Took (@gentlemandyke) May 23, 2017,  people fuckin died and y’all still wanna fish for retweets by using islamophobia to make baseless allegations  …     miss me with that shit. https:  .   —   nonbinary lapis (@minimxmitchie) May 23, 2017,  @HackettTerence @baby_leje @JackPosobiec When 1 automatically accuses a Muslim as the perpetrator without concrete facts thats Islamophobia Calling liberals idiots that’s childish,  —   🇺🇸Liberal  Proud (@IzJustMyOpinion) May 23, 2017,    Islamophobia is strong tonight on twitter. We have to keep in mind that Muslim friends  fam will be dealing with extra hate because of this,  —   Lucas Meadows (@lmeadows) May 23, 2017,  Some immediately jumped to blaming President Donald Trump: After   the US military terrorized the Middle East. Manchester may give Trump an excuse to do similar mayhem. Why is that hard to see?  —   Lucas Meadows (@lmeadows) May 23, 2017,  While some warned people away from blaming Islam for fear of angering more Muslims: @SaveUSA1776 I have a good idea. Let’s piss off more Muslims with mindless Islamophobia. That should help.  —   TheBardAsPundit (@jesswinfield) May 23, 2017,  Check Breitbart’s continuous coverage of the attack here. Lucas Nolan is a reporter for Breitbart News covering issues of free speech and online censorship. Follow him on Twitter @LucasNolan_ or email him at lnolan@breitbart. com"
"Despite histrionics from the mainstream media and Democratic lawmakers over President Trump’s firing of FBI Director James Comey last week, latest polling shows the public are greeting the “scandal” with a resounding “meh. ”[A Wall Street   News poll published Sunday shows Trump’s decision to fire Comey  —   after he received a recommendation from Deputy Attorney General Rod Rosenstein, who cited Comey’s handling of the Clinton email probe  —   is opposed by just 38 percent of Americans.  While only 29 percent  of those surveyed approved of the firing, 33 percent said they didn’t know or weren’t sure. This means, despite    negative news coverage of the dismissal, including mainstream commentators delving into fringe conspiracy theories about   ties, 62 percent of Americans are either fine or indifferent to Comey’s ouster. Mainstream news outlets have been filled with various Democrats and commentators declaring Comey’s firing a “Nixonian” move reminiscent of the Watergate scandal. On Thursday, “The View” host Whoopi Goldberg said the firing “feels like a coup,” a sentiment also shared by the Atlantic’s David Frum on Twitter. Democratic politicians have not been any less theatrical, with Sen. Brian Schatz,   tweeting last week: “We are in a   constitutional crisis. ”  We are in a   constitutional crisis.  —   Brian Schatz (@brianschatz) May 9, 2017, Multiple Democrats, including Senate Democratic Leader Chuck Schumer,   have demanded a special prosecutor be appointed to the FBI investigation into alleged Russian interference in the 2016 election. The   poll, conducted between May   also found that views of the firing were largely split by party affiliation, with Republicans generally backing the firing, and Democrats opposing it. The poll comes after data from a social media research company indicated that the Comey firing did not create the social media firestorm Trump’s opponents had hoped. Data from SocialFlow found that Facebook postings about the controversy reached an average of 37, 000 users, well below that of other moments of Trump’s presidency  —   including Rachel Maddow’s   release of Trump’s tax returns. The public’s apparent indifference to the   “coup” is reflected in Trump’s approval rating, which appears not to have been affected by the controversy. The   poll found that while nine out of 10 respondents had seen coverage of the firing, opinions of Trump had remained stable.  The poll found that Trump’s approval rating dropped marginally from 40 percent in April to 39 percent in May, with his disapproval rating remaining at 59 percent in both May and April. This is supported by Gallup’s Daily Tracking Poll, which has Trump’s job approval rating at 39 percent, down a point from 40 percent on Tuesday, the day Comey was fired. More damaging to Trump’s approval, it seems, is the unpopular Republican healthcare bill. In the   poll, 48 percent of respondents disapproved of the bill pushed through the House earlier this month by House Speaker Paul Ryan,  . while just 23 percent thought it a good idea.  Perhaps more worrying for the Trump administration, the poll found that only 52 percent of Republicans backed the bill, and only 18 percent of independents supported it."
"New York Times columnist Bret Stephens told graduating students at   College, an  ’s school in southern Virginia, to leave their safe spaces as part of his commencement address. [Bret Stephens, who recently faced a rough transition from his job at the Wall Street Journal to his new role at the New York Times. Many readers threatened to cancel their subscriptions over Stephen’s hiring, citing concerns over his beliefs on climate change.  Stephens gave the commencement address to the graduating seniors at   College on May 14. In the address, Stephens condemned “safe space” culture and encouraged graduates to push themselves out of their comfort zones."
"The administration’s announcement ending the   “DAPA” amnesty quietly cuts the legal legs off the   “DACA” amnesty for younger illegals, despite   claims that President Donald Trump has accepted former President Barack Obama’s DACA  . [Amid the   cheering, officials denied that Trump had accepted the DACA amnesty.   The “DAPA and DACA [amnesties] are two different programs   …     The fact that DACA was not rescinded by the same memo should not be interpreted as bearing any relevance on the   future of that program,” said a memo issued Friday by the Department of Homeland Security. “The future of the DACA program continues to be under review with the Administration. ” For several months, administration officials, led by President Donald Trump, have suggested the DACA program will continue for some time.   In contrast, the DAPA amnesty for roughly 4 million   parents of U.  children has been frozen since early 2015 partly because a group of Governors persuaded multiple judges to stop the amnesty. The governors argued that Obama was telling deputies to defer prosecutorial action  —   deportation  —   against large numbers of people without conducting the    legal review required by the courts and Congress.  That    requirement helps explains why “2012 DACA is just as unlawful as 2014 DAPA   …     and would fall if challenged,” said a statement from Dale Wilcox, the Executive Director and General Counsel for the Immigration Reform Law Institute, which advocates for “immigration policies that serve the national interest. ” Roughly 765, 000 younger illegals have received Social Security Numbers and   from Obama’s DACA amnesty, which Trump has not stopped yet.  In his June 15 statement announcing the end of DAPA, Department of Homeland Security Secretary John Kelly highlighted the lethal legal flaw in DACA when he said DAPA was indefensible in court and noted “I remind our officers that (1) deferred action, as an act of prosecutorial discretion, may only be granted on a    basis. ” The chief obstacle to a lawsuit which ends DACA is first persuading judges that state officials or individuals, such as legal immigrants, are clearly disadvantaged by the continued operation of the DACA amnesty, said one lawyer.   reformers are hoping a lawsuit will force DHS to end the program  —   and thus pressure Democrats to accept   immigration reforms in exchange for a formal amnesty of the DACA beneficiaries.  Some   reformers are hoping a lawsuit will force DHS to end the program  —   and thus pressure Democrats in Congress to accept a package of   immigration reforms in exchange for a formal congressional amnesty of the DACA beneficiaries.  Both the DACA and DAPA amnesties are based on the unprecedented claim by President Barack Obama that agency officials have the authority to stop enforcing Congress’ laws against entire categories of people, providing the benefits were reviewed and granted on a    basis. The 2014 DAPA amnesty, for example, told   officials to defer enforcement of deportation law while accomplishing a    review of an entire class  —     parents of   “anchor babies” children born in the United States. The 2012 DACA amnesty was titled “Deferred Action Against Child Arrivals” because it told officials to stop enforcing immigration law against an entire class  —   illegals who were brought as children to the United States  —   while also granted the   after conducting    reviews.  But judges in the DAPA case noted there is little or no    review of amnesty awards to the beneficiaries in the DACA amnesty. A   panel, for example, found in 2015 that   Secretary Jeh Johnson further instructed that: Like the DAPA Memo, the DACA Memo instructed agencies to review applications on a    basis and exercise discretion, but the district court found that those statements were “merely pretext” because only about 5% of the 723, 000 applications accepted for evaluation had been denied, and “[d]espite a request by the [district] [c]ourt, the [g]overnment’s counsel did not provide the number, if any, of requests that were denied [for discretionary reasons] even though the applicant met the DACA criteria . . . . ”  The finding of pretext was also based on a declaration by Kenneth Palinkas, the president of the union representing the USCIS employees processing the DACA applications, that “DHS management has taken multiple steps to ensure that DACA applications are simply rubberstamped if the applicants meet the necessary criteria. ” In a footnote to the November 2015 judgment, the judges also noted that Obama’s deputies at DHS could not cite any members of the class who were denied the benefit once they filled out the form correctly, saying:  USCIS could not produce any applications that satisfied all of the criteria but were refused deferred action by an exercise of discretion  …     (“[A]ll were denied for failure to meet the criteria or ‘rejected’ for technical filing errors, errors in filling out the form or lying on the form, and failures to pay fees) or for fraud. ”). ” Given that the government offered no evidence as to the bases for other denials, it was not error―clear or otherwise―for the district court to conclude that DHS issued DACA denials under mechanical formulae.  The Friday statement from DHS said that DAPA’s elimination does not mean that DACA is accepted or on safe legal ground: The announcement made by the Department of Homeland Security on June 15, 2017 specifically referred to rescinding the memorandum signed on November 20, 2014 that created the program known as Deferred Action for Parents of Americans and Lawful Permanent Residents (“DAPA”) which was never implemented.  The rescission only addressed DAPA based on the litigation posture and lack of a credible path forward in court.    DAPA and DACA are two different programs.  Yesterday, based on litigation, the Administration decided to rescind DAPA.  The fact that DACA was not rescinded by the same memo should not be interpreted as bearing any relevance on the   future of that program. The future of the DACA program continues to be under review with the Administration.  With regard to DACA, the President has remarked on the need to handle the issue with compassion and with heart.  Secretary Kelly recognizes that Congress is the only entity that can provide a legislate a   solution to this issue. In his letter announcing the end of DAPA, Kelly also hinted that DACA could share the same fate as DAPA, saying “I remind our officers that (1) deferred action, as an act of prosecutorial discretion, may only be granted on a    basis, and (2) such a grant may be terminated at any time at the agency’s discretion. ” Liberal   groups recognize that DACA is not on safe grounds. For example, the ACLU cautiously celebrated the Kelly decision before warning supporters about Trump’s   immigration policies, saying: The Trump administration said the Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals (DACA) program, which allows hundreds of thousands of undocumented youth to live and work legally in the U. S. remains in effect. Lorella Praeli, director of immigration policy and campaigns at the American Civil Liberties Union, had this reaction: “The only certainty in Trump’s America is uncertainty  —   and no memoranda changes that. They’re trying to distract us with their    on DACA as their mass deportation machine proceeds full speed ahead. ”  "
"WASHINGTON, D. C.  —   Vermont Sen. Bernie Sanders, a member of the U. S. Senate Democratic leadership team, has thus far refused to condemn a supporter of his who is in FBI custody facing charges for alleged involvement in a string of   threats nationwide. [Breitbart News can exclusively confirm that a spokesman for Sanders, Josh Miller Lewis, is personally aware of the fact that one of the Senator’s supporters is in FBI custody on charges relating to the string of   threats nationwide. When news broke early Friday that Juan Thompson, a Sanders voter who was formerly a reporter with The Intercept who was terminated for pushing fake news and fabricating sources, was arrested, Breitbart News reached out to Sanders’ office for comment.  The first   email to Sanders’ office was sent at 11:28 a. m. Eastern on Friday morning. It included an attachment, a screen grab of Thompson’s Tweet from last summer admitting he voted for Sanders. The email asked if Sanders would condemn Thompson with the revelation that Thompson is in FBI custody for alleged connection to and involvement with dozens of bomb threats against a hundred Jewish Community Centers, schools, and museums nationwide. Miller Lewis, the deputy communications director in Sanders’ U. S. Senate office, replied asking for a link to the Tweet. I voted for Bernie Sanders, but his supporters are annoying as fuck. ”I almost cried when I got a Bernie sign”. Yuck. #DemsInPhilly,  —   Juan M. Thompson (@JuanMThompson) July 26, 2016,  “Do you have a link?” Miller Lewis wrote back to Breitbart News’s request for comment. Breitbart News sent him a link to Thompson’s Tweet and gave Sanders all day to respond. Breitbart News followed up with Miller Lewis at 1:35 p. m. 3:59 p. m. 5:49 p. m. and 5:52 p. m. asking whether Sanders will condemn the alleged   actions by Thompson. He has not responded to any of those inquiries. A quick scan of Sanders’ Twitter accounts —  both his campaign account and his official Senate account —  shows no mention of his supporter Thompson or any condemnation of the threats. There is no statement on Sanders’ campaign website and no statement or mention of the matter on his U. S. Senate website either. Sanders is hardly the only Democrat who has gone silent on the matter. Senate Minority Leader Sen. Chuck Schumer’s spokesman Matt House has not responded to any request for comment, and it is unclear if Schumer has made any public statements. His official Twitter account has no mention of this matter, nor does his campaign Twitter account. His U. S. Senate website does include a statement applauding the Federal Communications Commission (FCC) for granting an emergency waiver to Jewish Community Centers to help track down the people responsible, a statement he released on Friday, but it does not include any reaction whatsoever to Thompson’s arrest. House Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi’s spokesman Drew Hammill has also not responded to questions about whether Pelosi has condemned Thompson for his alleged  . Her Twitter account shows no Tweets about it and there is nothing on her website. The same goes for Sen. Elizabeth Warren ( ) —  whose spokeswoman Lacey Rose has not responded to a Breitbart News request for comment. “We knew about this this morning and no Democrats have spoken out condemning this terrible human being. I find it shameful that there hasn’t been an outcry from the Democrats, many of whom have been accusing Trump of having inspired these   attacks,” Mort Klein, the president of the Zionist Organization of America (ZOA) —  the oldest   group in the United States, founded back in 1897 —  told Breitbart News in a phone interview. He went on: Now we see it is a Trump hater who has perpetrated some of these acts showing at this point we have no evidence this was a Trump supporter —  it was quite the opposite. With the arrest of this person, we see that this is not someone who was inspired by Trump towards hatred, towards committing these   acts, it was actually someone who was antagonistic towards Trump inspired by President Trump’s adversaries. Just as the Democrats were demanding Trump respond to these attacks, which he has done in a very powerful and strong way, the Democrats should be condemning this supporter of the Democrats and hater of Trump. They should be responding of course, and condemning this man. I’ll tell you: It is painful to me to see the Democrats are silent at this point. The U. S. Attorney for the Southern District of New York Preet Bharara, in announcing the charges against Thompson, confirmed the Twitter account in which he Tweeted nasty things about Trump and his support for Sanders was in fact Thompson’s account. Thompson was taken into custody by the FBI in St. Louis on Friday and is due to appear in court in Manhattan in New York City soon. “Today, we have charged Juan Thompson with allegedly stalking a former romantic interest by, among other things, making bomb threats in her name to Jewish Community Centers and to the   League,” Bharara said in his statement. Interestingly, all of this came after Sanders attempted to tarnish President Trump and White House chief strategist Stephen K. Bannon —  the former executive chairman of Breitbart News Network —  with this string of   activities. Just days ago, Sanders told J Street that Trump and Bannon needed to condemn   —  something they both have done very forcefully. “I hope very much that President Trump and his political adviser Mr. Bannon understand that the entire world is watching, that it is imperative that their voices be loud and clear in condemning ” Sanders said. Klein, of ZOA, told Breitbart News that Sanders’ silence proves he does not care about doing the right thing and stopping   as much as he does about scoring political points. Klein said of Sanders’ and other Democrats’ —  specifically Warren’s, Pelosi’s and Schumer’s —  silence: It makes it clear that all their criticism of Trump is simply political partisanship, not a genuine concern about attacks on Jewish institutions and Jewish cemeteries. It makes it clear at this point that this may well be political partisanship as opposed to genuine concern about Jewish people and  . What it shows is they care more about gaining political benefits than they do about condemning  . This indicates they have a greater concern for what benefits them politically than they do about their concerns about   and Jew hatred. That’s the message it sends to me. It happened this morning. They should have responded already. It happened this morning. That’s plenty of time. At this point, Klein said, it’s already too late for the Democrats to show they care, as they went after Bannon by falsely accusing him of being   with much more force than they have done about a   former reporter for The Intercept who was fired for printing fake news. In fact, their complete silence about Thompson proves everything is all political and not about stopping   he says. “I think the Democrats have now shown that they’re really embarrassed and horrified that this is a fellow Democrat who has enmity for Trump who committed these acts, as opposed to somebody who is supportive of Trump —  which is what so many of them were saying,” Klein said. “Why aren’t they going after this unquestionable   with the same type of viciousness they falsely accused of   Steve Bannon?”"
"Editor and publisher of the   German newspaper Die Zeit Josef Joffe has said that “murder in the White House” could be a way to end the “Trump catastrophe” on a German television programme.[  Mr. Joffe made the remarks on an episode of “Presse club” on the public broadcaster ARD during a segment which featured calls from viewers. One female caller asked the panel if it was possible for the Americans to impeach the newly inaugurated president to end what she called the “Trump catastrophe. ” The first person on the panel to answer the caller was Constanze Stelzenmüller, a former editor of Die Zeit and a fellow at the Brookings Institution in the United States. She said, “There has to be a qualified   majority of the Senate in order for a removal of office to take place,” adding, “These are politically and legally pretty high hurdles, a lot would have to happen for it, we’re far away from that. ” While Ms. Stelzenmüller was speaking, Mr. Joffe  —   who is also a member of the Hoover Institution at Stanford University  —   interrupted saying, “Mord im Weißen Haus zum Beispiel,” which translates to, “murder in the White House for example. ” Breitbart London contacted the U. S. Secret Service regarding the comments. The Secret Service has confirmed to Breitbart London that they are aware of the video and statement in question. Joffe and his paper have been overwhelmingly   as have most mainstream German publications.    of Die Welt Ulf Poschardt, which is considered the equivalent of the Times of London, wrote that Germany should oppose President Trump by being, “more multicultural,” and “more gay” though later changed “gay” to “creative” after a backlash online. It is unknown if the remarks will spark any investigation from police in Germany. The law which saw comedian Jan Boemermann brought up on charges of “insulting a foreign head of state” after he insulted Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdogan may be applicable. The current government, however, has already said it intends to reform or abolish the law in the near future after public outrage at the possibility of a court date for the comedian and prosecutors dropped the case in October. Free speech for men and women who criticize migrants and the migrant policy of the government has been severely cracked down upon in Germany during the course of the migrant crisis. Several people have had their homes raided for having “illegal opinions” regarding migrants and asylum seekers. Recently in Austria, a gun freedom advocate was convicted of hate speech for saying that Islam was “at war” with the west. Raheem Kassam contributed to this report"
"Democrats are running a smear campaign against House Intelligence Committee Chairman Devin Nunes ( ) after he revealed last week that members of Trump’s transition team were caught up in “incidental surveillance” targeting foreigners. [Nunes’ revelation appeared to bolster President Trump’s assertion that the former Obama administration had spied on the incoming president.  But now Democrats are calling for Nunes to recuse himself from investigating what role Russia played in the 2016 presidential elections, and who illegally leaked to media conversations between Trump’s former National Security Adviser Michael Flynn and the Russian ambassador to the U. S. House Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi ( ) called for Nunes to recuse himself from the investigation, and Senate Minority Leader Chuck Schumer ( ) demanded that Nunes be removed from the intelligence committee altogether. “Unfortunately, the House Intelligence Committee has come under a cloud of suspicion and partisanship,” Schumer said. The smear campaign continued Tuesday. The Washington Post said Nunes “abruptly canceled” a committee hearing with former acting attorney general Sally Yates, and suggested it was because the White House did not want her to testify. But a congressional aide said that Nunes had announced the hearing was merely postponed  —   not canceled. The aide said the hearing was postponed in order to hold a closed hearing with FBI Director James Comey and NSA Director Adm. Michael Rogers first, since so much of their testimony last week could not be discussed during an open hearing. The aide also said it was postponed before Nunes was made aware the Department of Justice considered part of her testimony to be barred from discussion in a hearing due to presidential communication privilege, and referred the matter to the White House. The White House later said it never objected. “He’s being vociferously attacked right now by the Democrats because they want to try to undermine his authority in order to further their argument that we need to have a special commission to take charge of the Russia investigation, because they feel like they’ll have more control in that venue than they do being the minority on a congressional committee,” the aide said. Nunes has said he is staying put. So far, only one House Republican has supported a Democratic bill to create an independent commission  —   Rep. Walter Jones ( ) according to The Hill. The Democrats’ campaign to get him removed began last week, after Nunes announced he saw evidence that the communications of members of President’s Trump’s transition team were listened in on, and their identities “unmasked” despite protections meant to protect U. S. citizens, and disseminated among U. S. intelligence agencies. Unmasking refers to identifying Americans incidentally caught up in surveillance of foreigners, which requires senior official approval and if the identity of that person is relevant to national security or a criminal investigation. Nunes briefed reporters and the White House on what he found before he shared it with other members of the committee, angering Democrats who accused him of trying to provide cover for the president. Democrats have also seized on a visit Nunes made the day before his announcement to a facility on the White House grounds, to suggest he was doing something inappropriate. But Nunes explained Monday on CNN’s “Wolf Blitzer” that he went to a Sensitive Compartmented Information Facility (SCIF) within the Eisenhower Executive Office Building, next to the West Wing, in order to view intelligence widely distributed throughout the executive branch, but unavailable to members of Congress. “The Congress has not been given this information, these documents. And that’s the problem,” he told Blitzer. “It was distributed widely through the executive branch. ” He said the reason it was unavailable to members of Congress was because it had nothing to do with the Russia investigation that members were conducting, but was related to his previous efforts to know whether the identities of Americans were being properly masked in intelligence reports. “So, I had been working this for a long time with many different sources and needed a place that I could actually finally go, because I knew what I was looking for and I could actually get access to what I needed to see,” he said. “This had nothing to do with Russia, nothing to do with the Russian investigation, there was no way for the folks that I had been working with to actually, to bring this forward to light. There was no way I could view that, because they couldn’t get it to the House Intelligence Committee,” he said of his sources. Nunes scoffed at reports that characterized him sneaking off to the SCIF the night before. “The sun was out. And I actually stopped and talked to several people along the way. Many foreign dignitaries were there. Some I recognized, I said hello, had conversations with them,” he said. He also said he was “quite sure” that no one next door at the West Wing even knew he was there, and that he was not planning to share what he learned with the White House. However, he said he briefed the president the next day because what he saw had nothing to do with Russia, but with individuals’ names being included into intelligence reports. “I was very concerned and I thought the President of the United States should know,” he said. “And that’s why I went and told him. ” Nunes said the intelligence he saw showed unmasking of individuals between November through January. He said so far, only Flynn’s name was illegally leaked to media, but he’s not sure yet about others. Nunes said from what he saw, the unmasking appeared unnecessary. “As somebody who supports our national security apparatus, it bothered me that this level of information would be included in intelligence reports, because it just wasn’t necessary, from my point of view, legal or not,” he said. As some reports have mentioned, it would have been normal for Trump transition aides to speak with foreign governments. According to a March 23 Reuters report: A U. S. government source said it was logical, if not normal, that communications from Trump aides would have been incidentally intercepted by U. S. agencies after his election, given that they would have an interest in talking to foreign governments. Trump took office on Jan. 20. Decorated former Central Intelligence Agency career officer Gary Berntsen told Breitbart News in an interview that he is sympathetic to Nunes having to visit an executive branch facility to view specific intelligence. He said contrary to popular belief, members of the intelligence committees don’t have access to whatever intelligence they want, and that it makes sense that Nunes had to view it at an executive agency SCIF. “They don’t have full access,” he said. “They have more access than other members, but their view is limited. ” He explained that members of Congress typically get “finished intelligence,” not raw data or operational traffic. “I am a little bit sympathetic,” he said. “He’s trying to do his best to figure it out. ” On March 15, Nunes and Schiff requested the FBI, CIA, and NSA to submit the number of times Americans’ identities have been unmasked, and what procedures are used to determine when to unmask and disseminate those identities. A deadline of March 17 has passed, and only NSA has provided some information, but the committee is still waiting for answers. “What I’m raising here is vital to national security. We cannot allow Americans’ names to be either masked improperly or unmasked improperly. And we have a duty and a responsibility to get to the bottom, to see if this was done properly or not,” he said."
"The U. S. military on Thursday dropped a massive   bomb in Afghanistan targeting Islamic State in Iraq and Syria fighters in a series of cave complexes. [At 7:32 p. m. a U. S.   aircraft dropped the bomb  —   the U. S.’s largest   bomb ever used in combat  —   in Achin district in the eastern province of Nangarhar, Afghanistan.  It was the first time the bomb, known as the   or “Massive Ordnance Air Blast,” was used in combat. It has a yield of 11 tons of TNT, and is nicknamed the “Mother of All Bombs. ” The bomb targeted ISIS’s Afghan affiliate,   “as part of ongoing efforts” to defeat the group in 2017, according to a statement from U. S. Forces  —   Afghanistan. “The strike was designed to minimize the risk to Afghan and U. S. Forces conducting clearing operations in the area while maximizing the destruction of   fighters and facilities,” the statement said. The U. S. “took every precaution to avoid civilian casualties with this strike,” the statement also said. The U. S. commander of forces in Afghanistan said the massive bomb was used since   has thickened their defense. “As  ’s losses have mounted, they are using [improvised explosive devices] bunkers and tunnels to thicken their defense,” said Army Gen. John W. Nicholson. “This is the right munition to reduce these obstacles and maintain the momentum of our offensive against  . ” It is not clear whether it was planned under the Obama administration or the Trump administration. Pentagon spokesman Adam Stump said the plan to drop the bomb has been in the works for a “few months,” and that the bomb had been in the country for “some time. ” President Donald Trump did not say whether he authorized the bombing, but said he has authorized the military, implying that senior military leaders had the authority to use the bomb: Everybody knows exactly what happened. What I do is I authorize my military. We havethe greatest military in the world and they’ve done a job as usual. We have given them total authorization and that’s what they’re doing and frankly that’s why they’ve been so successful lately. “If you look at what’s happened over the last eight weeks and compare that really to what’s happened over the past eight years, you’ll see there’s a tremendous difference, tremendous difference. So we have incredible leaders in the military, and we have incredible military. We are very proud of them. This was another very, very successful mission. As for whether the dropping of the MOAB was meant to send a message to North Korea, Trump replied: I don’t know if this sends a message, it doesn’t make any difference if it does or not. North Korea is a problem, the problem will be taken care of. The MOAB is   with precision guidance. It was designed to put pressure on   dictator Saddam Hussein’s military, according to an Air Force article. “The goal is to have the pressure be so great that Saddam Hussein cooperates,”   Secretary Donald Rumsfeld said in a March 2003 interview, according to the article. “Short of that  —   an unwillingness to cooperate  —   the goal is to have the capabilities of the coalition so clear and so obvious that there is an enormous disincentive for the Iraqi military to fight against the coalition. ” The MOAB’s final test was on March 11, 2003. It was first delivered into theater on April 1, 2003. This post is a breaking news story. It has been updated to reflect developing information after publishing."
"Sweden’s ruling liberal party Integration Minister has been forced into an embarrassing   after she falsely told BBC the number of reported rapes in the country was falling. [Ylva Johansson was giving an interview on the BBC News channel when she said there was no connection between crime and immigration and the level of rape in Sweden is “going down, and going  down, and going down. ”  “The level of rapes is not actually high in Sweden” she also said, after attacking former UKIP leader Nigel Farage  —   who recently said Malmo was the “rape capital of Europe”  —   claiming he “doesn’t really know what he is talking about. ” However, it appears Ms. Johansson isn’t so well informed herself. The latest figures show a 13 per cent increase in reported sex crimes in Sweden in 2016, and there has been a general increase over the past ten years. The misleading claims drew sharp criticism from MPs, economists, and criminologists. “We don’t need more fake news,” Tweeted the Moderate party’s labour policy spokesperson Elisabeth Svantesson. She called on the Ms. Johansson to explain herself, adding: “In what way is the number of sex crimes decreasing?” Bra att ministern backar för det är allvarligt när en regeringsmedlem sprider fake news. pic. twitter.   —   Elisabeth Svantesson (@ElisabethSvan) March 4, 2017,  The minister was forced to correct herself on Saturday. “I based my answer on information that I had at the time, that the number of reports of rapes went down in 2015,” she told the Dagens Nyheter newspaper. “It was wrong of me to speak of a development that was only based on one year. The preliminary figures for 2016 unfortunately show that the figures are on the rise. It’s important to be correct, of course,” she added. According to the Swedish National Council for Crime Prevention (Brå) stats, reported by Aftonbladet, there was indeed a dip in the number of rapes in 2015 (down 12 per cent) before rising sharply once more by 13 per cent in 2016. Over the past decade, meanwhile, the increase has been steady, with the number of reported rapes rising from 4, 208 in 2006 to 6, 560 in 2016. During the interview, the minister conceded “some problems” may have arisen from the   levels of immigration in Sweden, but added: “we cannot see a connection between crime and immigration”. “We have been an immigration country for twenty years  …     in the same time, the crime level has gone down. So we can’t really see that connection” she said. Many people have questioned this assertion, with some journalists and academics claiming there was a period in the 2015 migrant crisis when the Swedish police lost control of many areas. Much has also been written about the many “  zone” in   areas, which are populated by mostly migrants and have high crime rates."
"The Tennessee Bureau of Investigation (TBI) human trafficking unit, busted two Mexican nationals for allegedly having sex with two teenage females (ages 14 and 17) in exchange for money. [Breitbart Texas contacted the Carter County jail and verified that the men are Mexican nationals with no U. S. identification documents. Breitbart Texas also contacted U. S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement officials to determine if enforcement officers issued an immigration detainer and the immigration status of the two suspects. Officials could not immediately respond to this inquiry.  TBI investigators arrested Robelio E.   (26) and Adan O.   (34) and transported them to the Carter County jail in Tennessee. Both are in the jail on a $50, 000 bond, according to information obtained by Breitbart Texas from TBI officials. Authorities charged   with aggravated statutory rape, solicitation of a minor, and patronizing prostitution of a minor. Investigators also charged   with statutory rape, solicitation of a minor, and patronizing prostitution of a minor. TBI officials responded to an inquiry from Breitbart Texas and spokesperson Leslie Earhart wrote in an email, “At this time, we do not have any information to suggest they are connected to an international trafficking organization, however, our investigation remains active and ongoing. ” The Tennessee Bureau of Investigation Human Trafficking Unit received information from the Knoxville Police Department on Sunday about a possible human trafficking case with two young females. The unit determined the location of the alleged crime  —   a motel in Elizabethton on Highway 19E. Special agents from the unit worked with the Elizabethton Police Department, the First Judicial District Attorney’s Office headquartered in Washington County and the U. S. Department of Homeland Security. The District Attorney’s Office serves Washington, Unicoi, Carter and Johnson counties. Additional charges may be brought depending on the outcome of further investigation. The arrests were part of “Tennessee’s efforts to hold traffickers accountable,” according to a TBI statement. Officials say the state “leads the nation in its approach to addressing human trafficking. ” Their website reports that the state has “proactive legislative efforts,” “comprehensive research projects,” and “an informed,  ” approach that “continues to evolve. ” The state’s website, www. ItHasToStop. com has resources, including information on how to spot human traffickers. Bob Price serves as associate editor and senior political news contributor for Breitbart Texas. He is a founding member of the Breitbart Texas team. Follow him on Twitter @BobPriceBBTX and Facebook."
"A Delaware woman was only sentenced to probation despite admitting to the court that she forced sexual conduct onto her daughter’s    boyfriend, reports reveal. [Dover resident Elaine B. Goodman, 44, reportedly admitted to raping her daughter’s boyfriend but received only a   probationary period. She faced up to 15 years in prison on the charges.  During her trial, it is reported, Goodman asked the child, “What are you doing with a body like that at 13?” Police state she spent some time warming the boy up for sexual contact by texting him and calling him, before finally cajoling him to meet her in private for sex. “During the investigation detectives determined that Goodman had contact through text messages with her daughter’s boyfriend and on the night of March 15, 2015 Goodman met with the male victim and engaged in a sexual relationship,” court records stated. Deputy Attorney General Denise   said the victim had come to be embarrassed over the whole incident and even had trouble describing what the woman had done to him. Describing the incident, the boy told authorities Goodman “took his    and put it in her  ” according to Delaware Online. “When the defendant committed this crime, she took something away from him. He was not a willing participant, but a victim,”   said. But Judge Robert B. Young decided that Goodman seemed to be remorseful for her actions and even claimed the incident was “an aberration” in her life. “This came out of the blue,” Young insisted during the sentencing phase. “The crime is egregious and affected the victim and his family, which was taken into account. But incarceration is not the answer. ” Along with the two years of probation, Judge Young also ordered a   investigation. Follow Warner Todd Huston on Twitter @warnerthuston or email the author at igcolonel@hotmail. com."
"The State Department issued a joint statement on Wednesday from Secretary of State Rex Tillerson and Russian Foreign Minister Sergey Lavrov ahead of a   meeting. [“Welcome to the State Department,” Tillerson said.  “Thank you,” Lavrov said. “Thank you very much. ” According to the transcript, someone asked a question about the firing of FBI Director James Comey, but Tillerson interrupted. “I want to welcome Foreign Minister Lavrov to the State Department and express my appreciation for him making the trip to Washington so that we can continue our dialogue and our exchange of views that began in Moscow with the dialogue he hosted on a very broad range of topics,” Tillerson said. “Thank you. ” An unidentified person asks again: “Does the Comey firing cast a shadow on your talks, gentlemen?” “Was he fired?” Lavrov asked. “Yes,” the unidentified person said. “You are kidding,” Lavrov said. “You are kidding. ” Comey reportedly also thought those giving him the news that he had lost his job were kidding when reports surfaced that President Donald Trump had removed him from office, The New York Times reported Tuesday. Comey was speaking to FBI employees in Los Angeles when the news appeared on a television news program, the newspaper reported. At first, Comey laughed, then “stepped into a side office, where he confirmed that he had been fired,” the report added. In a letter to Comey, Trump said, “it is essential that we find new leadership for the FBI that restores public trust and confidence in its vital law enforcement mission. ” Trump’s move came after Attorney General Jeff Sessions and Deputy Attorney General Rod Rosenstein recommended that Comey be fired due to his conduct in the investigation into Hillary Clinton’s handling of classified information during her tenure as Secretary of State. The White House said its search for Comey’s successor is already under way."
"Calls for a special counsel to pursue a possible Russia investigation are dead wrong on the law, as are calls for Attorney General Jeff Sessions not to advise President Trump on selecting a new FBI director. This is politics at its most cynical. [The U. S. Department of Justice (DOJ) leads investigations, not the Federal Bureau of Investigation. The FBI conducts the investigation under the supervision of either U. S. attorneys’ offices or Main Justice. Supervising the FBI is a central part of any attorney general’s job. And special counsels are never independent of DOJ, because independent counsels (which are different from special counsels) are unconstitutional, which is why the law that formerly authorized them has not existed for almost 20 years.  The deputy attorney general is supervising any possible FBI investigation into Russia. Every FBI director serves at the pleasure of the president, so President Trump had undisputed legal authority to fire Director Comey on Tuesday. Months earlier, Attorney General Jeff Sessions recused himself from any investigation involving possible ties between the Trump campaign and Russia, a move that Sessions made to ensure public confidence in the investigation, since he was not legally or ethically required to step aside. As a result, any Russian investigation came under the supervision of the U. S. attorney for the Eastern District of Virginia —  Dana Boente, who was appointed by former President Barack Obama —  then was taken up by Deputy Attorney General Rod Rosenstein once he was confirmed as second in command at DOJ. DOJ leads legal investigations, not the FBI. Only DOJ can empanel a grand jury, ask a court for discovery, or initiate a prosecution. FBI investigators answer to the prosecutors at DOJ. Comey was never in charge of any investigation in the absence of the attorney general, his role is filled by the acting attorney general: first Boente, now Rosenstein. So removing Comey does not stop any investigation. Moreover, Comey’s powers to carry out investigations (under DOJ supervision) have transitioned to Deputy Director Andrew McCabe, who has ties to the Democratic Party, and longtime Clinton ally Virginia Gov. Terry McAuliffe in particular. This is hardly cause for concern if you want the Trump campaign investigated. In summary, Comey was conducting any possible investigation last week, supervised by Rosenstein. Today, McCabe is conducting any possible investigation, supervised by Rosenstein. DOJ and the FBI have the same operational relationship today that they had a week ago. Nothing has been disrupted. But Democrats are nonetheless crying foul, demanding a special prosecutor be appointed. Some also argue that Sessions should not play any role in helping Trump find a new FBI director. Both contentions are absurd. Overseeing the FBI is a central part of any attorney general’s job.  Sessions’s recusal from a possible Russian investigation is not a recusal from supervising the FBI. Over 110, 000 people work at DOJ under the attorney general. The FBI is a component agency of DOJ, and employs 35, 000 people. Overseeing the FBI is an enormous part of the attorney general’s duties. Suggesting that Sessions’s recusal means he cannot oversee the FBI or supervise FBI leaders would mean that Sessions cannot do his job. That is obviously not what Sessions said, and no reasonable person would suggest that his recusal means that. Instead, recusal here means merely that he would not make decisions on whether to start an investigation into Russian ties, supervise the actions of FBI leaders and agents as they investigate, execute search warrants, gather evidence, and interview witnesses, nor review the reports of any investigation’s progress regarding Russia, or decide whether to bring charges to anyone in the president’s orbit when it comes to Russia. It does not extend to any other aspect of his duties as attorney general. One of those duties is advising the White House on who Trump should consider for top positions at DOJ and DOJ component agencies. Again, the FBI is a leading component of DOJ. Counseling the president on who should lead the most powerful and prestigious police agency in the world is one of the most important things any attorney general can do. Such advice is not about Russia it is about thousands of operations and investigations that the FBI currently has underway, or will conduct during the next director’s tenure. Independent counsels do not exist anymore because they were unconstitutional.  Another   strawman echoed by various outlets this week is the talk about an independent counsel. They do not exist. They did for a couple of decades, until both parties decided that they were a bad idea, and on a bipartisan basis allowed the federal statute authorizing independent counsels —  the Ethics in Government Act of 1978 —  to expire in 1999. Independent counsels have been illegal for 18 years now. In fact, even when they were authorized by statute, independent counsels were always illegal. They are unconstitutional, for all the reasons the late Justice Antonin Scalia explained in his historic dissent in the 1988 Supreme Court case Morrison v. Olson. “The Founders conspicuously and very consciously declined to sap the Executive’s strength in the same way they had weakened the Legislature: by dividing the Executive power,” Scalia explained. “Proposals to have multiple executives, or a council of advisers with separate authority were rejected. ” Astounded by such an explicit violation of the Constitution’s separation of powers, Scalia continued: Frequently an issue of this sort will come before the Court clad, so to speak, in sheep’s clothing: the potential of the asserted principle to effect important change in the equilibrium of power is not immediately evident, and must be discerned by a careful and perceptive analysis. But this wolf comes as a wolf. Article II of the Constitution begins, “The executive Power shall be vested in a President of the United States of America. ” The iconic Scalia emphasized that when Article II vests the executive power of the government in the president, “this does not mean some of the executive power, but all of the executive power. ” The majority of the Court in Morrison unanimously agreed with several of Scalia’s points, with Chief Justice William Rehnquist acknowledging, “There is no real dispute that the functions performed by the independent counsel are ‘executive.’ ” No reasonable person could deny that such operations must be part of the Executive Branch. “Governmental investigation and prosecution of crimes is a quintessentially executive function,” Scalia wrote. That being so, every federal prosecutor must answer to the president. “We should say here that the President’s constitutionally assigned duties include complete control over investigation and prosecution of violations of the law,” Scalia continued, “and that the inexorable command of Article II is clear and definite: the executive power must be vested in the President of the United States. ” So for a time there were prosecutors acting independently from the president and attorney general, but were in violation of the Supreme Law of the Land. After Scalia’s passing, Justice Elena Kagan remarked in a tribute that his Morrison dissent gets better every time you read it. Liberals and conservatives alike hold a consensus view that there is no such thing as an independent counsel under the U. S. Constitution. The deputy attorney general is overseeing any investigation, so a special counsel is not warranted.  That only leaves special counsels then, not independent counsels. Special counsels are still part of DOJ’s structure. While their operations are conducted differently from normal investigations, a special prosecutor is still appointed by the attorney general, and can be removed by him or by the president. Federal regulation, at 28 C. F. R. § 600. 1, provides: The Attorney General, or in cases in which the Attorney General is recused, the Acting Attorney General, will appoint a Special Counsel when he or she determines that criminal investigation of a person or matter is warranted and —   (a) That investigation or prosecution of that person or matter by a United States Attorney’s Office or litigating Division of the Department of Justice would present a conflict of interest for the Department or other extraordinary circumstances and, (b) That under the circumstances, it would be in the public interest to appoint an outside Special Counsel to assume responsibility for the matter. There is no conflict of interest for DOJ here, and no one has explained how the public interest otherwise demands breaking from normal investigative procedure. That was true for allegations involving Russia, and it is certainly true for Comey’s firing. Presidents dismiss appointees all the time, replacing them with others. Personnel is policy. When the American people elect a president, they validate his making thousands of personnel decisions over a   term to carry out his policies. On April 25, Rosenstein was confirmed by the Senate as deputy attorney general by an overwhelmingly bipartisan vote of  . Every senator knew that Rosenstein would both oversee any Russian investigation and would be the immediate superior of the FBI director for all investigations and operations. (FBI directors are a direct report to the deputy AG, not the AG directly.) With Rosenstein’s   of public service under presidents of both parties —  including appointed as the U. S. attorney for Maryland by Obama —  both parties expressed full confidence in Rosenstein’s ability to faithfully handle these matters in a nonpartisan manner. Nothing has changed. This is hyperpartisan politics at its worst.  How then, does one explain the hyperventilating and overwrought rhetoric on this issue? This is not about law. It is about politics. The president’s political opponents sense an opening, and are trying to create a controversy where none exists. The same Democrats who in 2016 called for Comey to be fired now say it is a constitutional crisis that a president has complied with their request. The man they overwhelmingly confirmed to take the position at DOJ that would oversee any possible investigation into Russia (since Sessions was already recused) is still in complete control, yet now they frantically fret, incredulously claiming that no one is in control. The FBI’s machinery has temporarily come under the control of an acting director with closer ties to their own party than Comey ever had, yet to hear them you would think that the White House has taken direct charge over every FBI agent and operation. Politics touches upon everything in Washington, but some things should aspire to be nonpartisan. The military, intelligence, and domestic law enforcement are three areas where traditionally both parties rally behind the president, recognizing that these are purely executive matters with national security dimensions, and that the United States has only one chief executive at a time. The opposition party has taken opposing the elected government to new heights. They attempted the first partisan filibuster in American history of a Supreme Court nominee, forcing the Senate majority to invoke the nuclear option to restore more than 200 years of Senate practice. The minority attempted to block the president’s Cabinet nominees, and would be wreaking havoc with filibusters had they not already abolished the filibuster for all executive nominees back in 2013. Now they take routine executive functions, such as a president replacing an FBI director, and cast it in a sinister light, demanding a special counsel. The president has exercised his constitutional prerogative to replace the FBI director, and the attorney general’s duties include advising the president on how to do so. The FBI will continue to fulfill its proper role, under the supervision of DOJ. There is no place or role for a special counsel in that equation. Ken Klukowski is senior legal editor for Breitbart News. Follow him on Twitter @kenklukowski."
"A French mayor has appeared in court on charges of inciting racial hatred after saying there were too many Muslim schoolchildren in his city. [Robert Ménard, who is mayor of the southern town of Béziers and an ally of Marine Le Pen’s Front National party, faces the charges after telling a news channel: “In a class in the city centre in my town, 91 per cent of the children are Muslims. Obviously, this is a problem. There are limits to tolerance. ”  RTL reports that he also tweeted: “These classes represent the most striking proof of the #GreatReplacement in progress. Just look at old class photos. ” The ‘great replacement’ is a term coined by writer Renaud Camus who spoke of the French people being “replaced” through mass immigration. His comments led to him being fined in 2014. However, Mr. Ménard has remained defiant in court, saying he did not want to “stigmatise” anyone but say what is happening in French schools. “I do not find it desirable for children and their mothers that there are ghetto schools. And to find solutions, it is necessary to say what it is,” he told the court. The former Socialist and   of Reporters Without Borders faces a fine 1, 800 euros if convicted, with a possible prison sentence if he does not pay within 60 days. He also caused controversy in May 2015 when he counted the names of schoolchildren in his city to see how many were Muslim, estimating a figure of 64. 6 per cent, despite the fact collecting data on people’s race and religion is illegal in France. A video also emerged in September 2015 showing Mr. Ménard going door to door around illegal migrant squats, telling the residents they were not welcome in his city. The video showed him in full mayoral regalia accompanied by armed police and an interpreter. He tells one man: “You are not welcome in this town. If you had behaved like a decent person, you would have been welcome. You might be welcomed acting like this in big cities, but I’m not ready to do that here. You act like we have no choice but to accept you. ”"
"Right now, President Trump faces a terrible dilemma on climate change and the UN. [Should he:  a) follow the example of his predecessors  —   the Bushes, Clinton, and Obama  —   and take the dumb, cowardly, economically damaging, scientifically illiterate and totally wrong decision? or, b) stay true to his campaign promises and do the right thing by America, by honest science, and by the whole world? Personally, I would have thought it was a  . But not, apparently. The New York Times is urging President Trump to ignore the facts and the evidence, and instead listen to the siren voices of his daughter Ivanka, his Secretary of State Rex Tillerson and the various assorted members of the Climate Industrial Complex who would prefer the U. S. to remain shackled to one of the most stupid and pointless agreements in American history. They want him to keep the U. S. stuck in the disastrous and   United Nations Framework Convention on Climate Change (UNFCCC). At least George H. W. Bush, who nodded through the deal at the 1992 Rio Earth Summit, had the excuse that he was going with the flow of the popular mood and acting in accordance with the known science of the time. But that was 25 years ago, when Taylor Swift was three, Justin Bieber was still in the womb, and no one had ever heard of twerking,   Grand Theft Auto, Breaking Bad, the Second Gulf War, Islamic State or Amy Schumer’s comedy vagina  —   since when, an awful lot has changed. One of the big things that has changed with regard to the UNFCCC agreement is that anyone who has done any background reading on the subject now knows that it is based on a pack of lies, junk science and barely concealed   political activism. The distinguished physicist Dr. Richard Lindzen recently set out the case well in an open letter to the president, signed by more than 300 eminent scientists and other qualified individuals: We petition the American and other governments to change course on an outdated international agreement that targets minor greenhouse gases, primarily Carbon Dioxide, CO2 for harsh regulation. Since 2009, the US and other governments have undertaken actions with respect to global climate that are not scientifically justified and that already have, and will continue to cause serious social and economic harm —  with no environmental benefits. While we support effective, affordable, reasonable and direct controls on conventional environmental pollutants, carbon dioxide is not a pollutant. To the contrary, there is clear evidence that increased atmospheric carbon dioxide is environmentally helpful to food crops and other plants that nourish all life. It is plant food, not poison. Restricting access to fossil fuels has very negative effects upon the wellbeing of people around the world. It condemns over 4 billion people in still underdeveloped countries to continued poverty. Lindzen could scarcely be clearer  —   but let’s just spell it out for the dumb kids at the back of the class. [What’s Rex Tillerson doing there? Search me. All I know is that during his tenure at Exxon, he was no friend to free markets, severed all ties with the free market think tanks Exxon used to sponsor and engaged in an orgy of environmental   designed to appease the green movement. I think it’s what’s known as ‘paying Danegeld to the Dane’.] Carbon dioxide is not a pollutant  —   it is plant food and it is turning the planet greener. Therefore, a global agreement that binds nation states, at great expense, to treating CO2 as a menace is clearly a bad agreement which deserves to be nixed as quickly as possible. Worse, it is actively immoral. As Lindzen notes, the people hit hardest by the UNFCCC agreement are the world’s poorest. Which makes it even odder that socially conscious liberals like Ivanka and the New York Times are trying to defend it."
"The Beltway consensus is that President Donald Trump lost so badly by pulling the American Health Care Act last Friday that he has permanently crippled his presidency. He may not achieve anything in his first 100 days (as if he hasn’t already) he may not even last a full term. [You don’t have to believe that Trump plays   chess like a savant to understand that these conclusions are premature,   (especially for NeverTrumpers eager to seize on any stumble) and perhaps wrong.  The fact is that the House Republican bill had to fail for Trump to fulfill his promise of repealing and replacing Obamacare. And there may even be one or two more failures to come. The reason is simple, and derives from the fact that all of the main political factions on Capitol Hill have believed, until now, that they have no reason to negotiate. Democrats cut Republicans out of Obamacare House Republican ignored Democrats this year the House Freedom Caucus refused a deal with Trump. Unless Senate Republicans remove the filibuster for ordinary legislation  —   and that seems unlikely  —   it will be necessary to negotiate among all of these factions to produce a final agreement. But first the factions actually have to understand that they cannot go it alone. In negotiation terms, their BATNA  —   their “best alternative to a negotiated agreement”  —   must be made intolerable. Trump describes a similar approach in The Art of the Deal. He is slowly making it harder for everyone to refuse. House Republican leaders now understand that if they fail to reach a deal, they could be replaced, or their party may even lose in 2018. The conservatives of the Freedom Caucus has yet to see their proposals lead debate  —   and they should  —   but Trump and moderate Republicans are making it clear that they will be blamed if no legislation passes. Democrats are content to watch for now  —   but if they refuse to talk, they will lose the best chance to save remnants of Obamacare, a dying policy. As more people receive premium increases, or lose their insurance coverage, in 2017, pressure will grow on Congress and the White House alike. The   agitation that brought Democrats to power in 2006, and the Tea Party movement that helped Republicans take the House in 2010, might be replaced by   fervor all around. November 2018 will concentrate minds.   isn’t rocket science, or   chess. Sometimes you simply lose a round to win in the end. Joel B. Pollak is Senior    at Breitbart News. He was named one of the “most influential” people in news media in 2016. His new book, How Trump Won: The Inside Story of a Revolution, is available from Regnery. Follow him on Twitter at @joelpollak."
"Colorado Republican Rep. Ken Buck just dropped a   video about paying off the national debt featuring some of the most popular Capitol Hill Republicans, including Texas Sen. Ted Cruz, Utah Sen. Mike Lee, Rep. Mia Love, and South Carolina Rep. Trey Gowdy. [“In a humorous way, I wanted to draw attention to the problem we have in this country with our debt and how difficult it will be deal with that debt if we don’t start right away,” Buck told Breitbart News.  In the video, Gowdy pulls up in an SUV to Buck standing in the street with a tin can collecting money for the debt. Love finds Buck collecting cans for the deposits and Lee finds him rustling through sofa cushions looking for spare change. Each one tells Buck that is not the way to pay off the federal debt. “One of the first things we need to do is balance the budget,” Buck said. “If we live within our means and pay the principal and interest on this debt over a period of time, we can get to the point where we have substantially paid down the debt —  but, if we start now? We won’t be able to do it. ” Buck said it is one thing to see the economic turmoil and pain created when a country like Greece goes bankrupt, and there are other countries around to bail Greece out. “If America crashes? There are no countries to bail us out. It would really be a worldwide economic calamity,” he said. In the final scene, Buck is driving for a   service, and he picks up Cruz. Buck: I’ve tried everything, how do you pay off the national debt? Cruz: Look, the only way we’re going to pay off our debt is if we rein in Washington. We gotta have a balanced budget, and we got to have economic growth again. Tax reform, regulatory reform, pull Washington off the backs of small businesses, repeal Obamacare, pass a flat tax —  our economy takes off. That’s the only way we pay off the debt. Watch Rep. Ken Buck (R. . )’s “End the Debt” video:  "
"Actor Kevin Spacey donned a gray wig to play Bill Clinton during his hosting gig at Sunday night’s Tony Awards and cracked a joke about Hillary Clinton’s email controversy in between award presentations. [“We’ve had some exciting young performers this season,”    said, imitating the former president’s Arkansas drawl. “Ben Platt was named one of Time magazine’s 100 most influential people. That’s very impressive. I was on that list a couple times. ”  “But Ben, you know who you bumped off that list? My wife,” Spacey continued, as Platt  —   the star of the Broadway hit Dear Evan Hansen  —   sank down in his seat in mock embarrassment. “Between you and me, you might be a better singer, but after seeing your show, there’s no doubt Hillary is much better at creating fake email accounts than you!” The joke drew a loud response from the Tonys audience: WATCH Kevin Spacey as Pres. Bill Clinton make a joke about Sec. Clinton’s emails: #TonyAwards2017 pic. twitter.   —   Raw Story (@RawStory) June 12, 2017,  “I just wanted to do a joke nobody would ever think I’d do. But I’m gonna get in trouble when I get home,” a laughing Spacey added, still in character as Clinton. Platt had performed earlier in the broadcast. Dear Evan Hansen won three Tonys in the early going Best Orchestrations for Alex Lacamoire, Best Score Benj Pasek and Justin Paul, and Best Actress in a Featured Role in a Musical for Rachel Bay Jones. Platt himself was nominated for Best Actor in a Musical, while Dear Evan Hansen was nominated for Best Musical in awards that were set to presented later in the night. View the full list of Sunday night’s Tony winners at Playbill.   Follow Daniel Nussbaum on Twitter: @dznussbaum"
"Sunday on CBS’s “Face the Nation,” associate editor and columnist for The Washington Post David Ignatius said President Donald Trump’s tweets accusing former President Obama’s administration of wiretapping Trump Tower prior to the election “has morphed into an argument about privacy, about proper masking techniques. ”  Ignatius said, “So under existing surveillance orders, the United States is listening to all kinds of diplomats, intelligence officials around the world under various authorities. And when that collection picks up incidentally the names of Americans, Joe Russia happens to be calling Joe America, Joe America’s name is masked so that person’s privacy is protected. ” “In certain circumstances when it’s necessary to understand who the conversation is between, the name is unmasked and then it’s a legal investigation beyond that,” he continued. “There are even more reasons. What’s happened this month is that what initially seemed a preposterous argument by Donald Trump that he had been wiretapped by President Obama illegally has morphed into an argument about privacy, about proper masking techniques, a very technical legal issue, and it’s now accepted I think as part of the mainstream set of issues that are going to be debated by the two intelligence committees. From Trump’s standpoint that’s a success. ” (  NTK Network) Follow Pam Key on Twitter @pamkeyNEN"
"Sunday on MSNBC’s “AM Joy,” Rep. Ted Lieu ( ) said President Donald Trump’s tweet this morning calling former FBI Director James Comey “cowardly” could be “obstruction of justice. ”  I believe the James Comey leaks will be far more prevalent than anyone ever thought possible. Totally illegal? Very ’cowardly!’  —   Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) June 11, 2017,  Lieu said, “If President Trump is trying to get James Comey to stop talking then yes, that could be obstruction of justice. Keep in mind these are not leaks. A private citizen can disclose unclassified conversations today, yesterday, tomorrow. ” Follow Pam Key on Twitter @pamkeyNEN"
"A   supervisor of the Tucson Police Department reportedly refused to assist U. S. Border Patrol agents in a search for an escaped criminal alien who assaulted a federal agent. The official cited the “recent political climate. ”[Border Patrol agents apprehended a Honduran national with a prior criminal history near the Nogales Station in southern Arizona on Friday. During the arrest, the Honduran violently assaulted the agent and attempted to flee the scene. The man was apprehended only after reaching a state of exhaustion, according to U. S. Border Patrol Agent Art Del Cueto, acting in his capacity as president of National Border Patrol Council (NBPC) Local 2544, and vice president of the NBPC national organization.  The criminal alien complained of not feeling well after the pursuit. Agents took the man to a hospital in Tucson for evaluation and treatment. During his medical treatment, the illegal alien managed to escape, Del Cueto stated during an interview Saturday morning. As agents began a search for the escapee, immigration protesters arrived on the scene. The protesters reportedly blocked a Border Patrol supervisor’s vehicle. The agents were forced to move to a Tucson Police Department (TPD) parking lot to set up an incident command center. At first, TPD officials cooperated with the search and use of their facility. “One of our agents informed me that a TPD ‘  supervisor’ advised the agents that his department could not continue with assisting the Border Patrol,” the local union president stated. “He said they were ‘busy with local issues. ’” De Cueto said the agents were then told, “Due to the recent political climate, the Tucson Police Department could no longer assist the Border Patrol. ” The agents were then asked to pack up the incident command center and leave the property. Del Cueto noted this was not an immigration search, but rather, a search for a man with a prior criminal history “so desperate that he would assault a federal agent. ” “I can almost understand if they were too busy with local issues to assist in the search,” he explained. “But, there is no excuse for kicking our agents off the property and delaying our search efforts. ” “This man being on the loose is a danger to the community and any other law enforcement officer he might encounter,” Del Cueto told Breitbart Texas. He noted that TPD Chief Chris Magnus was not present at the time of the incident. Breitbart Texas reached out to the Tucson Police Department via phone and email for comment. The department’s officials were not immediately available to respond. Bob Price serves as associate editor and senior political news contributor for Breitbart Texas. He is a founding member of the Breitbart Texas team. Follow him on Twitter @BobPriceBBTX. Brandon Darby serves as Breitbart Texas Managing Director and   . He   the Cartel Chronicles project with Ildefonso Ortiz and Stephen K. Bannon. Follow him on Twitter and Facebook.  "
"The gender pay gap is largely the result of women’s choice to have children, writes Claire Cain Miller in a recent column for The New York Times. [In a column titled, “The Gender Pay Gap Is Largely Because of Motherhood,” Miller argues that motherhood plays a significant role in creating the pay gap between men and women in the United States.  The big reason that having children, and even marrying in the first place, hurts women’s pay relative to men’s is that the division of labor at home is still unequal, even when both spouses work full time. That’s especially true for   women in   occupations: Children are particularly damaging to their careers. Research suggests that women are also likely to earn less due to women being more likely to either move or stay in a certain area due to the greater importance the couple places on the husband’s job. Sari Kerr, an economist at Wellesley College, argues that because the spouse who earns is likely to do more of the household work, the gender pay gap is  . “That reinforces the pay gap in the labor market, and we’re trapped in this   cycle,” Kerr said. Experts argue that the most efficient way to reduce the wage gap would be to encourage employers to put less emphasis on asking their employees to work long hours and to allow them to work remotely. Progressive economists, like Kerr, also argue that   childcare could lift women out of the   cycle of the wage gap. To achieve greater pay equality, social scientists say  —   other than women avoiding marriage and children  —   changes would have to take place in workplaces and public policy that applied to both men and women. Examples could be companies putting less priority on long hours and face time, and the government providing subsidized child care and   parental leave. Tom Ciccotta is a libertarian who writes about economics and higher education for Breitbart News. You can follow him on Twitter @tciccotta or email him at tciccotta@breitbart. com"
"Three illegal alien   gang members are in a Virginia jail, charged with the murder of a teenager in Virginia. [Prosecutors charged the three Salvadoran men that belong to the notoriously violent   street gang with   murder for their alleged roles in the death of    Raymond Wood of Lynchburg, VA, according to The Roanoke Times.  Bedford County Sheriff Mike Brown announced on Friday afternoon that deputies arrested and charged Victor Arnoldo Rodas, 19, Jose   21, and Lisandro   24, with   murder. “Due to the fact that the subjects were undocumented illegal aliens and not locals, an inordinate amount of time and man hours was required to ensure the true identity of these individuals,” said Brown during a news conference. “Investigators had worked closely with the Bedford County Commonwealth Attorney’s Office, Lynchburg Police Department, Bedford Police Department, Virginia State Police, FBI, ATF, U. S. Marshalls office, Prince George County Maryland Police Department, Montgomery County Maryland Police Department, and the U. S. Department of Homeland Security. ” It all began on Monday at approximately 9:30 p. m. when officials found the body of the victim, Raymond Wood, in middle of the road by a motorist in Bedford County, Virginia. While the motorist was on the phone with dispatchers, she noticed a Honda Accord with one occupant drive by at high rate of speed, according to a statement released by the Bedford County Sheriff’s Office. She told dispatchers that the Honda Accord was traveling towards Rte. 221. A Bedford County Sheriff’s deputy intercepted the vehicle just minutes later. When the deputy stopped the car, the driver identified himself as, “Victor A. Rodas, age 19 of Lynchburg. ” The deputy learned while talking to Rodas that he was an illegal alien at which point he was detained and transported to Bedford County Sheriff’s Office. After notifying the Department of Homeland Security on Tuesday, Bedford County Sheriff’s deputies learned that a missing persons report had been filed that morning for a    male from the City of Lynchburg. Late on Tuesday afternoon, the body of Raymond Wood was identified by a medical examiner as the body from the missing victim. The statement from Bedford County Sherriff’s Office says that it did not appear as though Raymond Wood left voluntarily from his home. Jose   was arrested on Tuesday after the sheriff’s office received a report of two Hispanic males asking a citizen to make a phone call for them in a “forest area. ” After the call was made a sports car pulled up and picked up the two males and drove off. The same car returned a short time later, and two more Hispanic males came out of an area they were hiding in and entered the vehicle and drove off. Sheriff’s deputies eventually stopped the vehicle and learned that the men inside the car were illegal immigrants, including Jose  . The deputies detained the men inside the car, excluding the driver. On Tuesday afternoon, Immigration and Customs Enforcement (ICE) officers arrived at the Bedford County Sheriff’s Office where they detained Lisandro A Vasquez and Victor Rodas. Deputies transported both men to Roanoke City Jail. Jose   is also wanted for the murder of an    man in Montgomery County, Maryland. Officials transported him to the Blue Ridge Regional Jail and held him on the Montgomery County murder charges. The Roanoke Times reported that ICE officers arrested Jose   later that day. Ryan Saavedra is a contributor for Breitbart Texas and can be found on Twitter at @RealSaavedra."
"After entering the White House in 2009, President Barack Obama went on his famous “apology” tour. Now, Hillary Clinton, having failed to win the White House in 2016, is currently on an “I’m owed an apology” tour. [In an interview for an article by New York Magazine published Friday, Clinton has apparently moved past “gracious Hillary” and “relaxed in the woods Hillary” and has now moved into “angry Hillary” mode.  “I would have won had I not been subjected to the unprecedented attacks by [former FBI Director James] Comey and the Russians, aided and abetted by the suppression of the vote, particularly in Wisconsin,” she complains, adding voter suppression to her normal narrative blaming  .  Clinton resurrected the   excuse in an interview earlier this month with CNN’s Christiane Amanpour when she also called herself “part of the resistance” and claimed, “If the election had been on October 27, I would be your president. ” But now she is taking it to the next level. In the New York Magazine article, called “Hillary Clinton Is Furious. And Resigned. And Funny. And Worried,” the predominant mood is the fury  —   not the resignation, worry, or her alleged sense of humor. In the interview, Clinton pounces on the press  —   particularly the “advocacy press on the right. ” The press, she believes, didn’t make it any easier. “Look, we have an advocacy press on the right that has done a really good job for the last 25 years,” she says. “They have a mission. They use the rights given to them under the First Amendment to advocate a set of policies that are in their interests, their commercial, corporate, religious interests. Because the advocacy media occupies the right, and the center needs to be focused on providing as accurate information as possible. Not    and not false equivalency. ” She then blasts MSNBC and The New York Times for hiring moderate conservatives such as George Will and Bret Stephens, seething: “Why   …     would   …     you   …     do   …     that?” before saying 66 million people voted for her and “you know, the crazy   people”  —   a reminder of her famous “deplorable” comment that helped doom her candidacy.   million people voted for me, plus, you know, the crazy   people. So there’s a lot of people who would actually appreciate stronger arguments on behalf of the most existential challenges facing our country and the world, climate change being one of them! It’s clearly a commercial decision. But I don’t think it will work. I mean, they’re laughing on the right at these puny efforts to try to appease people on the right. Clinton also blames her opponents in the primary and the general election for capitalizing on anger. When asked if Trump and Sanders capitalized on anger, Clinton says, “Yes,” and adds (incorrectly) “And I beat both of them. ” Clinton is also happy, when prodded, to blame her defeat on sexism. She believes, for instance, that the viciousness of the attacks against her was because women are seen as less likable as they become more successful. “Once I moved from serving someone  —   a man, the president  —   to seeking that job on my own, I was once again vulnerable to the barrage of innuendo and negativity and attacks that come with the territory of a woman who is striving to go further,” she said. Author Rebecca Traister  —   who at one point mulls “how a   goblin managed to gain the White House over an experienced woman”  —   notes that online searches for “misogyny” have increased. Asking Clinton if she can still believe people don’t know what misogyny means, Clinton responds: “Why, yes. I guess I can believe that. ” The New York Magazine article was published the same day as Clinton gave a commencement address at her alma mater, in which she warned against politicians who invent their own facts and “attempt to control reality. ” “When people in power invent their own facts and attack those who question them, it can mark the beginning of the end of a free society,” she said. “That is not hyperbole, it is what authoritarian regimes throughout history have done.   …     They attempt to control reality. ” Adam Shaw is a politics reporter for Breitbart News based in New York. Follow Adam on Twitter: @AdamShawNY"
"Former Michigan Congressman Pete Hoekstra, onetime chairman of the House Intelligence Committee, discussed the CIA WikiLeaks “Vault 7” documents with SiriusXM host Raheem Kassam on Thursday’s Breitbart News Daily. [“Is somebody from the CIA watching me through my television as I get undressed every night?” Kassam asked.  “I don’t think so,” Hoekstra replied with tongue in cheek. “My experience with the CIA and NSA, although some of the recent disclosures have caused me some concern, are that the CIA and the intelligence community are really very, very good at making sure that the tremendous tools that they develop, that they only use those against the bad guys, the  . They don’t use it inside of our borders, and they don’t target Americans. ” Kassam noted the remarkable scale of the surveillance system described by the WikiLeaks documents, including the ability to hack into everything from mobile phones and Windows computers to smart cars. “Are we able to say with certainty that that is not used by any government agency against the U. S. public?” he asked. “I don’t think you can go there, no, not at all,” said Hoekstra. “I think if the FBI or someone wants to use this in a criminal case, where they’re targeting gangs or drugs or drug cartels, that technology exists, and it may be used against Americans or people who reside in the United States. ” “You’d have to use it with a warrant,” he added. “You would have to go to the court and get permission to use it. ” Hoekstra agreed with Kassam’s point that data is being collected on an epic scale, and people worry it could be accessed in the future through the kind of warrants Hoekstra described. “Clearly, the problem with the digital world, the cyber world, is that it doesn’t respect borders,” Hoekstra observed. “You make a phone call in Afghanistan, and you’re making the call to Pakistan, and you think, ‘Well, of course, that phone call is going to be routed the shortest distance.’ In reality, it may not be. That call may actually be routed through the United States. That phone call goes from Pakistan, it goes on a line through cyberspace, it goes through the U. S. and then it ends up in Pakistan, and then you’re sitting there and saying, ‘Whoa. ’”  “Now, what is that? Is it foreign intelligence? Is that protected under current law? The borders as we’ve traditionally talked about them, the protections that we’ve typically put in place  —   you’re right, they’re very hazy, and they’ve become blurred in the digital world,” he said. Kassam ran through the number of   devices with cameras and microphones that can be found in the average household and asked if it was silly to expect that “anything I say in my house is private anymore. ” “You’re silly if you’re a person that may be of interest to a foreign government, or if you’re a significant consumer,” Hoekstra answered. “I think the era of privacy as we know it has been gone for 15, 20 years. The tools that have been at our disposal in our intelligence community pretty much say that anybody that is outside of the United States that we have an interest in better be pretty careful, at least according to these latest CIA documents, the NSA documents. We’ve got tremendous power to compromise your privacy. But the same is true for Americans who may be of interest to the Russians, the Chinese, or some other foreign entity. These people have the same tools. Perhaps they have even more powerful tools. ”  “I think one of the things that we’re seeing from what’s been happening with WikiLeaks is that cyber is a great equalizer. On the traditional battlefield, America dominates  —   smart bombs and all these types of things. In the cyber world, countries like Iran, North Korea, Israel, they may be our equal in terms of their capabilities on the cyber battlefield. It’s very, very scary,” he said. Kassam suggested one of the scary features of this new world is that Americans are required to place a great deal of faith in bureaucrats and secretive government agencies. “I think it’s a perfect point that you’re bringing up because what’s come out  —   Chelsea Manning, Snowden, and now, the CIA  —   it shows two things. The content demonstrates how really good we are in cyber. You go, ‘Wow, we can do those kinds of things? We are really, really good,’” Hoekstra said. “The second point it brings out is it says, ‘Wow, we are really, really bad.’ These are the premier intelligence organizations in the world, and all three of them have suffered massive leaks,” he continued. “Can we really trust these people? They can’t even protect their own information. ”  “How confident can we be that there may not be a rogue element in the intelligence community that are using these very sophisticated and powerful tools against Americans and using them in places where they’re not supposed to be used?” Hoekstra asked. “If they can’t protect their own data from outside intruders, how can we be sure that this information and these tools aren’t being used by people inside in ways that they shouldn’t?”  “I think it’s a great question. I can’t give you the answer, but I share your nervousness that these very powerful tools, that there may be people inside the agencies who are using them in ways that they shouldn’t be,” he said.  “It also challenges the credibility of the CIA and the intelligence community because, remember, the CIA leak came out and said, “You know what? We have the capability to go into networks, steal the data, manipulate the data, whatever, and we can leave footprints and fingerprints that make it look like somebody else did it. ” And yet, six months ago, they came out and said with a high degree of certainty, ‘We know that the Russians hacked into the DNC.’ How can you be so confident? If we have the tools to go in, why couldn’t somebody else go into the DNC and do the same thing?” he wondered. Breitbart News Daily airs on SiriusXM Patriot 125 weekdays from 6:00 a. m. to 9:00 a. m. Eastern. LISTEN: "
"President Donald Trump made big news on January 31, when he met in the White House with top pharmaceutical company executives.  Or at least he deserved to make big news, because the issues he raised in the West Wing’s Roosevelt Room will prove to be central to the health, and wealth, of every American. [Fourth in a series  …        And yet as we know, there’s a lot else going on: first, the continuing fight over immigration and refugees second, the battle over Cabinet confirmations and now, third, the looming   over the nomination of Judge Neil Gorsuch for the Supreme Court. Still, over time, Trump’s emerging healthcare vision will likely be seen for what it bids to be: a major breakthrough in how the country thinks about healthcare, and a major breakthrough for actual health.   The basic thrust of Trump’s idea can be stated simply: Health insurance is important, but health itself is more important.  In other words, as vital as health insurance might be —  including the battle over Obamacare —  the reality is that health insurance of any kind is only as good as the treatment system backstopping it.  Or, to put it another way, if the cure or treatment for what ails the patient doesn’t exist, then all the insurance in the world won’t do him or her any good.  Without the right therapy or antidote, a   card is just a piece of plastic.  Thus we can see: In the crunch of a medical crisis, it’s usually the science, not the finance, that spells the difference between life and death.   Of course, none of this argues that health insurance is not important —  or not worth major efforts toward reform.  And so what might be called the “first front” of Trump’s healthcare agenda is the full    of Obamacare.  After all, at the moment, the distortions of Obamacare threaten to distort the entire health insurance market.  It’s little wonder, then, that the battle over Obamacare, pro and con, has filled the news for nearly a decade it will, no doubt, continue to receive enormous coverage.  In fact, the first three parts of this series dealt with, yes, Obamacare: here, here, and here.   Okay, so now let’s turn to the “second front” of the nascent Trump healthcare policy.  Perhaps it will continue to receive less media attention than the first front, and yet this author believes it will ultimately prove to be more consequential.  We can call this second front the Cure Strategy —  the Trump Cure Strategy.  As I have argued here at Breitbart in the past, Trump’s   idea of curing disease is the obvious optimum solution to many of the challenges of healthcare.   After all, less disease means longer lives, longer careers, and more economic activity, not to mention fewer trips to the doctor or hospital.  The polio vaccine, for example, cut the cost of polio by nearly 100 percent, to say nothing of the humanitarian gain.  And the simple expedient of taking folic acid —  found in most multivitamins —  can virtually eliminate the risk that women face of having children born with anencephaly and spinal bifida.   Meanwhile, improved treatments for such dread diseases as AIDS, Ebola, and Zika have saved millions of lives and billions, even trillions, of dollars.  So why not have more of that?  Why not turn that sort of virtuous medical   —  and, at the same time, as a happy byproduct,   —  into a sustained national policy?   Indeed, Trump’s Cure Strategy could be not only a boon for America, it’s also a boon for the world.  As the 45th president said in his January 20 inaugural address, American ingenuity stands ready “to free the Earth from the miseries of disease. ”  Of course, the hard part is actually getting it done.  And the    is ready to roll up his sleeves.  To that end, on Tuesday morning, speaking to those “pharma” chieftains, the President made six basic points about medicines and cures:  First, the prices of existing medical drugs are too high. Second, other countries have been freeloading on Uncle Sam.  Third, the best way to reduce prices is to expand supply. Fourth, the best way to to expand supply is to cut taxes and deregulate.  Fifth, more drug production ought to occur inside the United States.  Sixth, the single best way to improve health is by developing new medical cures.  So now, let’s look at each of these six points in turn: 1) Prices are too high.  As the President said on Tuesday, “US drug companies have produced extraordinary results for our country, but the prices have been astronomical. . . . We have to get the prices down. ”  In the Roosevelt Room, hearing this message in person, were the CEOs of Amgen, Johnson  Johnson, Eli Lilly, Merck, and Novartis, as well as the chief of the trade group PhRMA. Trump has a good point about high drug prices.  We all remember the egregious case of Martin Shkreli, the   who in 2015 made himself CEO of Turing Pharmaceuticals and immediately raised the price of a key   drug, Daraprim, from $13. 50 a dose to $750 a dose.  As Shkreli chortled in a celebratory  : We raised the price from $1, 700 per bottle to $75, 000   …     So 5, 000 paying bottles at the new price is $375, 000, 000 —  almost all of it is profit and I think we will get 3 years of that or more.  Should be a very handsome investment for all of us. . . . $1 bn. here we come. And it’s not just Shkreli and Turing similar instances of extreme   just within the last year, have been seen in the pharma companies Mylan and Valeant.  To be sure, compared to the industry as a whole, those smaller companies stand as obnoxious outliers.  However, according to an August 2016 article in the Journal of the American Medical Association, the problem of high prices is, indeed, systemic:  Per capita prescription drug spending in the United States exceeds that in all other countries, largely driven by   drug prices that have been increasing in recent years at rates far beyond the consumer price index.  In 2013, per capita spending on prescription drugs was $858 compared with an average of $400 for 19 other industrialized nations. The point here is not to make any kind of blunderbuss critique of capitalism instead it’s to suggest, as Trump has done, that there must be some reasonable accommodation to the national interest —  a golden mean.  That is, producers should to be able to make a profit, but they don’t need excessive profits.  And for their part, consumers might wish for the lowest possible prices, but as a practical matter, they should settle for fair prices.  It’s out of such compromises that social harmony, as well as continued    medical advancement, is achieved.   And that process of societal accommodation might begin with a   negotiation of drug prices.  Today, Uncle Sam accounts for more than a quarter of all US   spending, which totals more than $263 billion.  One might think that with all that money to spend, the feds would have some real bargaining power.  And yet by law, the government cannot, in almost all cases, bargain for volume discounts.  It was    lobbyists, of course, who helped write the laws that prevent such bargaining.   Trump has talked about this costly conundrum for years.  As he said during his January 11 press conference, the pharma companies have been “getting away with murder. ” Ouch!   In person with the pharma executives, Trump took a softer tone, but he was no less insistent on his basic point: “Competition [is] the key to lower drug prices. We have competition, but a lot of times, the competition dissipates. ”  He added, “We can increase competition and bidding wars, big time. ” For their part, the pharma leaders were on their best behavior no doubt they were  In the conciliatory words of Eli Lilly’s Dave Ricks after the meeting, “We all understand the concern he’s raising. ” And Stephen J. Ubl, CEO of PhRMA, tweeted out: We take drug pricing concerns seriously, want to work   @POTUS, Congress on   reforms to impr access to  affordability of meds  Okay, so that’s plenty of progress on the pricing issue —  for one day.  It’s a safe bet that from now on, no pharma company, big or small, will dare to risk Trump’s wrath through excessive profiteering.  Good!  2) Other countries have been freeloading.  Per that Journal of the American Medical Association article, the one which showed that Americans spend more than twice as much per capita on drugs as other industrialized nations, we can see a simple reason why: Most of those other countries have strict price controls on drugs.  The result of such price controls, of course, has been to squelch innovation, and that’s exactly what has happened.  And yet for decades now, foreign countries have had an ace in the hole: The US, which does not have price controls, has continued to innovate, and US drug companies have charged high prices within the domestic market as a result.   In fact, it’s hard to blame them for charging high, because their costs are  high: According to the Tufts Center for the Study of Drug Development, the cost of bringing a single new drug to market is $2. 6 billion.  And that cost, Tufts notes, has risen 145 percent over the previous decade.  Why these huge costs?  A lot of the problem is the sheer complexity of making a new drug, plus, of course, the   burdens of taxes and regulation —  more on that later.   Yet in the meantime, American pharma companies know that their main chance to recoup their investment is in the US market, and so that’s what they seek to do —  hence the high prices for Americans.  Meanwhile, if other countries insist on price controls on the same drugs, well, the US pharma companies just suck it up and sell overseas at the lower price, figuring that they’ll make what they can.   Thus pricing becomes  : high for Americans, low for everyone else.   This chain of causation makes a certain sense for an American pharma company, and yet if we step back a moment, we can see that US drug consumers are, in effect, subsidizing foreign  .  And that’s the bad deal for America that Trump is wise to.  As he said on Tuesday, “Our trade policy will prioritize that foreign countries pay their fair share for   drugs. ”  And in the same meeting, he also said: We’re going to be ending global freeloading.  Foreign price controls reduce the resources of American drug companies to finance drug and RD innovation.  I think you people know very well, it’s very unfair to this country. In other words, just as domestic companies are on notice, so, too, are foreign countries.  The days of their sweetheart deal are over.  3) Expand supply.  It only makes sense that part of the solution to the crisis of   is to expand the supply: new ideas, new drugs, new competition, new cures. And yet over the last two decades, the “pipeline” for new medications has been drying up.  In the 1990s, it was routine for the FDA to approve 40 or even 50 new drugs a year yet in 2016, the FDA approved just 21 new drugs.  Indeed, the peak year for FDA drug approvals was way back in 1996. And it’s not just the number of new approvals that’s a problem, it’s also the nature  of those approvals.  In the words of Joseph V. Gulfo, executive director of the Lewis Center for Healthcare Innovation and Technology at Fairleigh Dickinson University:  Cardiovascular disease remains the number cause of death in the United States, yet, not one drug to treat primary cardiovascular disease was approved in 2016.  Similarly, there were no drugs approved to treat obesity or Alzheimer’s disease, and just one for diabetes.  These are conditions that are afflicting Americans in epidemic proportions and which cause tremendous morbidity (sickness) and mortality (death). As an aside, we can see, once again, the value of a strategy —  a strategy that prioritizes needed categories of cures.  Speaking broadly to these concerns, Trump said on Tuesday, “I’ll oppose anything that makes it harder for smaller, younger companies to take the risk of bringing their product to a vibrantly competitive market. ”  Trump thus hit the nail on the head: What we need can be summed up in one word: More.  4) Cut taxes and deregulate.  Everyone knows that Trump’s goal is to turbocharge the US economy, after all these years of disappointingly slow growth.  Such turbocharging will be based mostly on tax cuts and deregulation for the economy as a whole, and yet, of course, the subset that is the pharma industry will benefit as well.   Yet at the same time, we must observe that the pharmaceutical industry, closely regulated and scrutinized as it is, has special concerns.  And on Tuesday, Trump addressed those, too.  Even as he pledged to maintain safety standards, he pledged that his administration would be “focused on accelerating FDA approvals. . . . We’re going to get the approval process much faster. ”  Indeed, in the meeting, Trump pledged to reduce current FDA regulations by “75 percent to 80 percent,” adding of the FDA’s rulebook, “Instead of it being 9, 000 pages, it’ll be 100 pages. ”  That goal might strike some as aspirational, and yet, as the President said to the executives: We’re also going to be streamlining the process, so that from your standpoint, when you have a drug, you can actually get it approved, instead of waiting for many, many years. Can Trump do all of this?  We’ll have to see, of course, and yet he seems to have his “dream team” in mind.  Without naming a name, he teased his future choice for the key job of FDA Commissioner:  We have a fantastic person that I think I we’ll be naming fairly soon, he’s going to streamline the FDA and you’re going to get your products either approved or not approved, but it’s going to be a quick process. Surely the pharma execs were thrilled to hear of this, just as American patients will be thrilled to know that more beneficial drugs could soon be flowing through the regulatory pipeline. 5) More drug production ought to be inside the United States.  If Trump stands for anything, he stands for more domestic manufacturing, keeping the jobs and profits here at home.  And that nationalistic stance embraces American  .  As Trump said to the pharma chiefs: We have to get even better innovation, and I want you to move your companies back to the United States.  I want you to manufacture in the United States. In fact, the US is still the world’s largest drug producer, although the trade   are ominous today, medical drugs worth $86 billion come from overseas.  That import total, we might note, is nearly double the total of US exports.   (The biggest exporter to the US, we might add, is Ireland, which has set itself up as an international   leading many US companies, including drug makers, to relocate there.  We can only hope that Trump’s policies, involving both carrots and sticks, will put a stop to this flight.)  As Trump said to the executives: Our trade policy will prioritize that foreign countries pay their fair share for US manufactured drugs, so [that] our drug companies have greater financial resources to accelerate the development of new cures. And once again, the industry was receptive.  As White House Press Secretary Sean Spicer tweeted later: And in another tweet, PhARMA’s Ubl declared the enthusiastic assent of the whole group:  We believe @POTUS agenda on taxes, trade  regulations could create 350, 000 American jobs over 10 years due to biopharma industry growth.  ‘Nuff said on that.  6) Develop new medical cures.  Once again on Tuesday, Trump showed awareness of the deep value of cures, and of a Cure Strategy.   As he said, “New drugs have led to longer, healthier lives —  we all know that —  but we have to do better accelerating cures. ”  Indeed, later on, Trump reiterated the point about cures in a Facebook post:  Our drug companies [must] have greater financial resources to accelerate development of new cures  …    . .I think that’s so important! We can add that Trump closed his post with a display of the “Can Do” attitude that was once common in American leaders, but now seems rare.  As he said: In order to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN  —   we all need to work together right here in the United States of America. Thus we can see the emerging Trump Cure Strategy.   As we have observed, the fight to repeal and replace Obamacare will continue, and yet, now, the second front has been opened.  And in the opening of that second front, we can see a philosophy that is simultaneously     and  .  That is, it’s a    for America.   Next: A closer look at pharma drug production —  and prices. "
"Monday on CNN, in offering her analysis of the House Select Intelligence Committee hearing on Russian interference in the 2016 presidential election, network political analyst Gloria Borger said President Donald Trump suffered “the worst and most perilous day” of his “young” presidency.  Borger said, “You know, I think if you take a step back for a minute, Wolf, you would have to say this is the worst and most perilous day of Donald Trump’s young presidency. In this hearing over the last bunch of hours, we have seen the director of the FBI rebut Donald Trump directly. He said, first of all, there was no wiretapping by the former president of Trump Tower. He confirmed an investigation into the question of whether there was cooperation as he put it between Trump associates and the Russians. ” “He said the fact that the UK corroborated in some kind of a wiretap was wrong,” he continued. “And that he also said there was no evidence of election machine hacking. And so on all four of those points, you know, you would have to say, while Sean Spicer said that nothing has changed, I think was his quote, I think a lot has changed after this hearing today because as Devin Nunes put it, and I think he’s right, a cloud is hanging over the Trump administration right now. And they are going to have a hard time figuring out how to handle it. ” Follow Pam Key on Twitter @pamkeyNEN"
"In a new video Seattle Seahawks quarterback Russell Wilson said he dislikes the Trump administration, insisting that “nothing but negativity” has come from Washington since Trump’s election and hinted at assassination wondering if Trump was “going to be able to last four years. ”[“I don’t even know if he’s going to be able to last four years, in my opinion,” Wilson said. “You don’t want to wish bad upon anybody, because if he doesn’t last four years, that means that something went wrong. So hopefully nothing goes wrong, any more than what it’s already doing, but it’s just been a crazy 10 days already. ”  The Seahawks player disgorged his veiled threat as he received a haircut in a Facebook Live video posted on January 31, The Hill reported. “Basically, I think that when you think about all the negativity that’s happened within a   period  —   or however many days it’s been  —   it’s already too much,” Wilson said. “It’s already crazy, it’s already affecting people’s hearts, and souls, and lives in such a negative way, in my opinion. ” Wilson claimed that recent protests organized by activist groups, many paid for by   billionaire George Soros, are examples of the unrest that may topple Trump. “To go to LAX airport, and there’s people all over the place fighting for their lives, protesting, and all that. All the protests that have gone on in the   community, obviously the Muslim community, too. If we’re going to be a nation that says we’re equal, we have to be equal,” Wilson proclaimed. “People’s feelings are getting hurt, people’s lives are getting changed, people are getting sent back or not let in back home to see their families for reasons that may not be worthy,” Wilson added. “Just because you believe in something, you are from a certain place, doesn’t mean you’re a bad person. ” “We have to treat people fairly and you have to love everyone,” Wilson said, though it was clear that his “love” didn’t extend to conservatives, Republicans, and other supporters of the President and his policies. Wilson didn’t comment on the pure hatred coming from the left, however. Even in his own venue of the sports world hate for the half of the country that might support Donald Trump has been pervasive. From the   protests indulged by San Francisco 49ers second stringer Colin Kaepernick, to repeated bile disgorged by sports reporters, the hate has poured from the sports world. Of course, 49ers quarterback Colin Kaepernick has been ladling out his brand of hate for the entire NFL season. He has labeled police officers as pigs, attacked the U. S. military, disrespected the national anthem, praised domestic terror group Black Lives Matter, and said the country is intrinsically racist. This must not be “negativity” as far as Wilson is concerned. Then there was the tweet by New York Post sports writer Bart Hubbuch who equated the election of Donald Trump to the terror attacks on September 11. Hubbuch was soon fired for his   tweet. Hubbach is far from the only “sports writer” who used his platform to attack half the country who voted for Donald Trump. In another of just a very few examples, this week USA Today sports writer Nancy Armour used her column to attack Trump and his voters in general and New England Patriots star Tom Brady in particular for support of Donald Trump. In a column filled with what should be seen as lies, Armour claimed that the whole country “boiled over in rage” at Donald Trump’s temporary moratorium on travel from a small list of   countries. She went on to proclaim that Trump is a racist, bigot and misogynist, and that Tom Brady is so stupid that Trump “duped” him into becoming a friend. In another case of someone in the sports world attacking Americans, Cleveland Cavaliers star forward LeBron James called the 63 million Americans who voted for Trump “goofy. ” Follow Warner Todd Huston on Twitter @warnerthuston or email the author at igcolonel@hotmail. com."
"Breitbart Senior Editor MILO will appear on HBO’s Real Time with Bill Maher this Friday to discuss free speech on college campuses, in the wake of the violent riots that disrupted the final events of his “Dangerous Faggot Tour. ”[He will appear as the top of the show guest, which will mean a    interview with Maher.  During an episode on February 3 in the wake of the   riots at UC Berkeley, Maher joked that if MILO should come on the show, the producers would be “putting on extra security,” citing his suspension from Twitter as an example of “how bad he is. ” However, Maher added that he has been a “longtime critic of colleges shutting people up. Free speech should be something we own. ” MILO will be joined on the show by the actress and former Scientologist Leah Remini, former Republican congressman Jack Kingston, investigative journalist Jeremy Scahill and comedian Larry Wilmore. You can follow Ben Kew on Facebook, on Twitter at @ben_kew, or email him at bkew@breitbart. com"
"A Mexican national is now facing federal charges of assault on a federal deportation officer following an incident in Austin, Texas, last week. [Federal prosecutors charged Hugo   23, with assaulting a federal deportation officer after he allegedly attempted to evade arrest and then got in a fight with the officer. The Immigration and Customs Enforcement (ICE) officer stopped  ’ vehicle after running a query on an immigration database. The incident took place along Highway 183 in Austin on Friday, Breitbart Texas reported.  Court records obtained by Breitbart Texas from the Department of Justice’s Western District of Texas stated that   attempted to escape apprehension after the deportation officer placed him under arrest for being unlawfully present in the United States. The officer caught up with the man after about a   foot pursuit. The criminal complaint states that   then fought with the officer. During the struggle, the officer got one handcuff on the suspect but was unable to place the second hand in the restraint.   then got the upper hand on the officer and got on top of him. He allegedly began striking the officer’s head against the ground several times, causing injury that would require medical attention. About this time, another officer arrived and assisted the deportation officer in gaining control of the suspect.   was arrested and placed in handcuffs. An ambulance was dispatched to the scene and transported the injured officer to St. David’s Emergency Room for the treatment of his injuries sustained in the altercation. The criminal complaint states that   now faces charges of assaulting, resisting, or impeding the federal deportation officer. The incident occurred during an ICE enforcement operation where ICE agents arrested 51 criminal aliens in the Austin area. Among the 51 rounded up by ICE agents on Thursday and Friday were 16 convicted criminals. Those included a Mexican national previously deported following a conviction for aggravated assault a Salvadoran national who pleaded guilty to sexual assault of a child and another Mexican national convicted of domestic violence as a repeat offender, information obtained by Breitbart Texas from ICE officials revealed. ICE officials emphasized statements made over the weekend that this was a focused effort —  similar to operations carried out last year where federal immigration officers arrested more than 2, 000 criminal aliens during Operation Cross Check. “These are existing, established fugitive operations teams,” the officials wrote. “ICE does not conduct sweeps, checkpoints or raids that target aliens indiscriminately. ” Many of the arrested aliens will face prosecution for illegal reentry after removal, a felony offense. Those not facing new charges will be processed for removal unless an immigration judge has already issued an order of removal on the individual. Officials stated it is not uncommon, during an operation like this, that other illegal aliens will come into contact with ICE agents making other arrests. In those cases, officials will evaluate the individual’s circumstances on a    basis. Bob Price serves as associate editor and senior political news contributor for Breitbart Texas. He is a founding member of the Breitbart Texas team. Follow him on Twitter @BobPriceBBTX."
"President Donald Trump responded to the Louvre Museum attack in Paris, France, reminding the country not to forget about terrorism. [“A new radical Islamic terrorist has just attacked in Louvre Museum in Paris,” he wrote on Twitter. “Tourists were locked down. France on edge again. GET SMART U. S. ”  Trump’s decision to restrict immigration and refugees from several   countries in the Middle East has created a firestorm of criticism from the left, causing major CEOs from companies like Uber and Walt Disney to distance themselves from the administration. The Trump administration has defended the restrictions as a necessary step to protecting the country from radical terrorists, until more “extreme vetting” for people coming into the country can be put into place. At the National Prayer Breakfast on Thursday, Trump explained why he wanted to spend more resources securing the nation’s borders. “In the coming days, we will develop a system to help ensure that those admitted into our country fully embrace our values of religious and personal liberty and that they reject any form of oppression and discrimination,” he said. “We want people to come into our nation, but we want people to love us and to love our values, not to hate us and to hate our values. ”"
"Four in five Brits aged between 18 and 30 identify as British, compared to less than half who feel European, a   vote poll has revealed. [Those in UKIP areas and the working classes were more likely to feel British, whilst those in London and the South of England purported to feel more European than in the North.  The survey of 1, 994 young adults from England, Scotland, Wales, and Northern Ireland was commissioned by think tank Demos and supported by the British Council as part of the Next Generation project. Researchers noted the areas where people felt more British tended to correlate with the parts of the country that voted to leave the European Union (EU). British identity was strongest in the   one of the most firmly Brexit backing areas of the country, where a whopping 93 per cent said they felt “to some extent” or “to a great extent” British. Yet the areas with the highest number of people feeling European were London and Northern Ireland, which voted against Brexit and where 59 per cent identified with the continent. In Northern Ireland, which voted by 55. 8 per cent to remain in the EU, the feeling of Britishness slipped to 62 per cent. In Scotland, which also voted to remain, just 59 per cent said they felt British. In Wales, which voted to leave the EU, just 35 per cent said they felt European, the smallest proportion in the country. The study also found that young people in lower socioeconomic groups were less likely to feel European, and those in Labour and UKIP areas were more likely to feel British. Those in the South of England were also more likely to identify as European as those in the North. Ian Wybron, head of social policy at Demos, told The Sun that those who felt more British had been “excluded” from opportunities to understand other cultures. “Living, working and studying abroad offers clear benefits for young people, helping them to secure better jobs, as well as building confidence and intercultural understanding,” he said. “But our research found that a substantial number of young adults are currently being excluded from these opportunities  —   particularly those from lower socioeconomic backgrounds. ”"
"Palo Cedro’s North Cow Creek School District will now allow teachers with concealed carry permits to bring their firearms to school for defense of themselves and their students. [By adopting this policy, North Cow Creek became the fifth district in the state to allow teachers to be armed. The other four districts that allow concealed carry at school are Kern High School District Kingsburg Joint Union High School District Folsom Cordova Unified School District and Anderson Union High School District, which is in Shasta County, the same county in which North Cow Creek is located.  Record Searchlight reports, “It makes sense that Shasta County now has at least two districts that support CCW    —    at 5, 116 permits, it had the   number of them [in the state] according to 2013 California Department of Justice data compiled by the Calguns Foundation. ” Moreover, a third district in Shasta County is already being pressured to allow teachers with concealed permits to carry in its schools. Parent Rich Gallardo has sent a letter to Pacheco Union School District asking them to adopt a policy similar to Anderson Union and North Cow Creek. Gallardo, who has as a child in Prairie Elementary School, said, “They are representing me and my kid, and I’ve got to give them at least an official chance on the record to address this issue. It’s not just for my kid  —   it’s for the whole district, really. ” At least 12 school districts in Colorado recently adopted policies that allow their teachers and staff to carry at school for defense of themselves and their students. And teachers are allowed to carry in at least 40 districts in Ohio. Allowing teachers to carry became a security measure of choice for many districts across the country following the heinous attack on Sandy Hook Elementary School. That attack occurred in a   zone, and unarmed teachers and staff’s only options were to hide or to charge the gunman, sacrificing their own lives in an attempt to tackle him or knock him off balance. Five school districts in California, at least 12 in Colorado, and at least 40 in Ohio believe there is a better way. AWR Hawkins is the Second Amendment columnist for Breitbart News and host of Bullets with AWR Hawkins, a Breitbart News podcast. He is also the political analyst for Armed American Radio. Follow him on Twitter: @AWRHawkins. Reach him directly at awrhawkins@breitbart. com."
"(AP) CAIRO  —   An Islamic State group affiliate in Egypt released a video Monday showing the suicide bomber who killed nearly 30 people when he attacked a packed church in December and vowing more attacks on the country’s Christian. [A narrator says in the   video that the Egyptian Christians are the extremist group’s “favorite prey. ”  “God gave orders to kill every infidel,” one of the militants carrying an   assault rifle says in the video. Egypt’s Coptic Christians, who make up around 10 percent of the population, have been always a favorite target of Islamic extremists. Attacks on churches by Muslim mobs increased since the 2013 military overthrow of an Islamist president. Christians overwhelmingly supported the army        and extremists have used such support as a pretext to increase attacks against them. “Oh worshipprs of the cross   …     the soldiers of the state are watching you,” another masked militant identified as Abu Zubair   says. The video carries the logo “Egypt” instead of the normal “Wilayat Sinai” or the state of Sinai. Wilayat Sinai, the name of the IS branch in Sinai, has claimed responsibility for dozens of suicide bombings and attacks, mainly targeting security forces and military across the country but primarily in Sinai Peninsula, where the army has been leading an   operation for years. The IS message comes at a time when attacks on Coptic Christians have escalated in Sinai. In the past month, at least three Christians were gunned down in separate   shooting attacks in the city of  . Sissi has repeatedly assured Egypt’s Christians of his goodwill toward the community, visiting the seat of the Coptic Orthodox church in Cairo on major holidays, but many in the ancient community complain that very little has changed in their lives since Sissi took office in 2014, especially in rural areas where Muslim radicals frequently attack Christian homes and businesses over a range of issues, including the construction or restoration of churches, land disputes or sexual affairs between members of each community."
"Thursday on Fox News Channel’s “Hannity,” host Sean Hannity urged the Trump administration to “purge” the holdovers from the prior Obama administration.  Hannity described them as saboteurs and warned they were” ” on destroying Trump’s presidency. Transcript as follows: [F]or weeks, we’ve been warning you about the deep state Obama holdover government bureaucrats who are   on destroying this president, President Trump. Tonight, it’s time for the Trump administration to begin to purge these saboteurs before it’s too late. That’s tonight’s “Opening Monologue. ” Let’s go back to 1861. President Abraham Lincoln  —   he created, you know, a team of rivals, a   team of rivals, a cabinet of rivals, including adversaries that he ran against in the Republican primary. But while president Lincoln sought to unify his party through cabinet selections, he also executed an extensive government purge. He fired over 75 percent, nearly 1, 200 people out of 1, 500 bureaucrats that worked in the executive branch who President Lincoln feared could be disloyal. It’s time now for President Trump to follow Abraham Lincoln’s example and a fire anyone and everyone who is actively working against him in government. After all, even former president Bill Clinton  —   he utilized this tactic back in 1993. He fired all 93 U. S. attorneys  —   all of them. Now, according to Conservative Review’s Daniel Horowitz, sacking opposing government employees is best utilized at the start of an administration. He writes, quote, “Clinton easily fired all 93 U. S. attorneys on day one. Nobody blinked an eye. Yet when Bush’s attorney general fired eight U. S. attorneys well into his second term, well, that became a national scandal. ” So it’s very important for President Trump to act right now and not just avoid outrage from the left  —   that’s not what this is about  —   because he’s got to end the leaks that are plaguing this administration. Major leaks, like the ones you see right there on your screen, started just five days after President Trump was sworn into office. Now, the explosion of these leaks coincides with a New York Times report that says in his final weeks in office, President Obama revised executive order 12333 which allows the widespread sharing of this raw data collected by American intelligence agencies across 17 government agencies. Now, that is an additional 16 agencies and their employees who in the final two weeks when Obama was in office, who gained access to   intelligence that they never had access to before. Now, we’ve been asking for weeks on this program, why did President Obama wait until the last minute to do this? And why didn’t he apply this to himself for eight years? Follow Jeff Poor on Twitter @jeff_poor"
"The total apprehensions of migrants along the U.  border increased 33 percent over the previous year’s numbers, a new report from U. S. Customs and Border Protection revealed. [While the apprehension numbers reported in January decreased slightly from December 2016, the comparison to the prior year’s numbers show Border Patrol agents are still dealing with massive numbers of illegal border crossers. Focusing on Unaccompanied Alien Children (UAC) and Family Unit Aliens (FMUA) the apprehensions over the prior year are even higher.  In January 2017, 4, 421 UAC’s were apprehended along the southern border with Mexico. This compares to the prior year’s number of UAC apprehensions of 3, 113 —  a 30 percent increase. FMUA apprehensions in that same monthly comparison increased by nearly 300 percent. In January 2016, 3, 145 FMUAs were apprehended after crossing the border between the ports of entry. This compares to 4, 421 in January 2017 —  a 29 percent increase. Total apprehensions in January 2017 were 31, 575, up from 23, 767 the year before. While many outlets are reporting the January numbers are down, that is only true in a    comparison. CBP numbers for January in years past have traditionally been lower than the prior month’s numbers. During the first four months of the new fiscal year, 168, 222 total immigrant apprehensions occurred along the southwest border from Texas to California. That number is up by 25 percent compared to the first four months of FY 2016  —   126, 334. “We’re not a deterrent because they’re looking for us, so we can be standing there and [the smuggler will] still send them across,” Supervisory Border Patrol Agent Marlene Castro told Fox News Channel’s William La Jeunesse during a December interview. “It’s been a group, and then maybe five minutes later another group, and then half an hour later you’ll see another one. ” CBP officials took advantage of the January lull, compared to the previous month, mothballing two temporary detention facilities that were opened at the end of 2016 to deal with the massive increases in illegal border crossers, Breitbart Texas reported. The Tornillo station, located about 40 miles east of El Paso, will be placed in a “warm standby” status in the event it is needed to return to an operational status in the future. The stated basic maintenance, oversight, and   security will continue at the facility to make sure it is ready if the migrant crossings surge again. It is anticipated CBP could bring this facility, and the recently closed Donna facility, back into fully operational status within a   period if needed. Bob Price serves as associate editor and senior political news contributor for Breitbart Texas. He is a founding member of the Breitbart Texas team. Follow him on Twitter @BobPriceBBTX. This article has been updated to reflect adjustments to apprehension rates of increase, overall figures in particular. The original story noted that total apprehensions were occurring at a rate of 132 percent."
"WASHINGTON D. C.  —   A giant defense firm may be passing off another company’s equipment as its own, which could have played a role in a potentially corrupt U. S. arms sale to Kenya that the State Department approved on the Obama administration’s last day in office. [Breitbart News has obtained photos of   Technologies using marketing materials at a recent international defense conference featuring a small plane produced by IOMAX USA, Inc. a small,   owned company based in North Carolina.  The photos show an   banner and poster at their booth at the 2017 International Defence Exhibition and Conference (IDEX) in February featuring IOMAX’s “Archangel” aircraft  —   an armed    aircraft used by U. S. partner militaries for border patrol, surveillance, and close air support.   passing off the aircraft as its own could potentially explain how it got exclusive approval for a lucrative $418 million contract to produce 14 such planes for the Kenya Defense Forces, despite never having produced the planes before and IOMAX’s ability to produce them for much cheaper. Here is a photo of the IOMAX “Archangel” aircraft: Here is a photo of L3’s banner at its booth at IDEX: Here is a photo of  ’s booth at IDEX: Breitbart News provided a photo of the banner to   and requested clarification. “  has declined to respond to your inquiry,” a spokeswoman said. How   was able to get the contract has come under congressional investigation. The State Department approved and privately notified Congress on January 19 about the sale, which would fulfill Kenya’s request to buy the planes and other services for missions against terrorist group  . An IOMAX representative said the company was never given the chance to compete for the contract and did not hear about it until after it was publicly announced on January 23. Under the contract, Kenya would spend $364. 4 million on the aircraft and $53. 6 million on other services. The IOMAX representative said it could produce the planes for $237 million  —   about $127. 4 million less than  . A group of five North Carolina GOP lawmakers, led by Rep. Ted Budd ( ) sent a letter last week requesting a   government investigation into the matter. “Our offices have been recently made aware of potential irregularities in the Foreign Military Sales acquisition process. Specifically, the existence of   requests and a possible lack of due diligence by Defense Security Cooperation Agency (DSCA) Security Assistance Officers. It appears that more congressional oversight is warranted,” said the Feb. 23 letter to the Government Accountability Office.  “It is our understanding that this contract may have been awarded to   based on false assumptions made by DSCA that   manufactures a weaponized manned ISR platform that fulfills the requirement submitted by the Government of Kenya to DSCA,” it added.  Lawmakers suspect, although they do not have evidence, that Air Force acquisition officials, working with the State Department on the contract, unfairly steered it to  . A State Department official, in an email obtained by Breitbart News, said Kenya had specifically requested   produce the aircraft after “extensive market research,” but acknowledged not possessing the research. Similarly, an Air Force official in an email obtained by Breitbart News acknowledged not being provided the research. Adding further doubt to Kenya conducting “extensive” research is that the country originally requested that Moog  —   an ordnance company  —   provide the planes despite being incapable of doing so, according to an Air Force response to congressional inquiries. “We believe that the Air Force likely did something that had Moog get replaced with L3,” an aide to Rep. Budd said. The Air Force directed inquiries to the State Department and a recent statement made by the U. S. Ambassador to Kenya, who has defended the sale, which is not final until Kenya officially signs off. “The U. S. military sales process requires notification of the U. S. Congress and allows oversight committees and commercial competitors the opportunity to review the entire package before it is offered to a potential buyer,” said Amb. Robert Godec on Feb. 18. “This potential military sale would be carried out wholly in keeping with appropriate laws and regulations,” he added. Indeed, the chairmen and ranking members of the House Foreign Affairs Committee and Senate Foreign Relations Committee had the informal opportunity to block the sale 30 days after they were notified. But Budd’s aide said the standard practice is that these deals come to Congress under a broad presumption that the process for the sale is proper and the committees evaluate the arms transfer based on larger questions of national security. Those criteria are, in general, whether the sale is controversial, will give away sensitive technology to hostile powers, affect the balance of power in the region, or is going to a country with a hostile approach or has acted against U. S. interests. “Since the deal met all these benchmarks until it became controversial because of Rep. Budd’s objections, the Committees signed off on it. From how these deals are usually looked at in Congress, it was the right call. The devil’s in the details here. ” the aide said. Lawmakers also sent a letter to the Kenyan ambassador to the U. S. last week, asking his government to reconsider the sale. While some Kenyan analysts and journalists have also questioned the contract, which they have referred to as the #KDFWeaponsScam on Twitter, the government still appears onboard for now. The Kenyan government is planning to send a   delegation, including its defense minister and other top government officials, to Washington in order to save the contract with   according to Africaintelligence. com. The delegation is slated to arrive on March 3, in a bid to persuade U. S. lawmakers to not stop the contract with a resolution of disapproval. Budd, whose district is home to roughly 115 employees of IOMAX, many of whom are veterans of the special operations forces, told Breitbart News that he wants the company to have a chance at bidding for contracts. “They have to earn this deal on their own,” he told Breitbart News in a recent phone interview. “We can’t get the deal for them. But we want them to have a fair shot at it  …     They shouldn’t catch the brunt of politics. ” Budd has also introduced a resolution of disapproval in the House, which could halt the sale if passed. If the resolution is adopted, it would be the first time Congress has voted to block a foreign arms deal since 1986."
"The heavily   Swedish city of Malmö has grown by almost 6, 000 people in the last year and authorities say the main reason for the growth is mass migration. [Five years ago the population of Malmö in southern Sweden passed the 300, 000 mark and today hovers around 320, 000. In the last year, the number increased by 6, 000 and authorities say the driving force behind the increase is mass migration, predominantly from Middle Eastern nations, Sydsvenskan reports.  5, 920 individuals settled in Malmö last year and according to the statistics around 3, 892 of these people were immigrants from either Iraq or Syria. In addition to the new arrivals, the city also experienced significant emigration. Around 1, 510 Danes moved away from Malmö in 2016 while only 1, 040 arrived in the city, shrinking the total number of Danes living in the city which is just across the border from Denmark. Besides immigration, the rest of the population increase was made up by a   baby boom in the city. 5, 120 children were born in Malmö in 2016 while some 2, 471 people passed away. The population increase is one of the largest in Malmö since 1969 according to Peter Karpestam, community strategist for Malmö. A total of 15, 970 residents of the city left for neighbouring municipalities, most of them being families, Karpestam said. “We have a negative net migration to neighbouring municipalities. There are many families who choose to move. One might suspect that they move to homes because they want to have a garden,” he noted. Teachers have also been leaving in recent months due to the strain caused by mass migration. One in six teachers left the city between January and October of last year. The explosion of crime could have also influenced families leaving the city over the last few years. Already this year, police have vowed to tackle the warring gangs in the city after a    boy was gunned down in January. Only days after U. S. President Donald J. Trump spoke about the situation in Sweden, a live hand grenade was found in a park in the city. Police say they were looking for a weapon in connection with a shooting in the same area but don’t believe the grenade had anything to do with the shooting leading to speculation from many of what the object was doing there. Less than a week later, a hand grenade was thrown in a residential area of the city’s Lindängen suburb injuring a man. The victim had to receive treatment at a nearby hospital for shrapnel wounds to his leg.  Follow Chris Tomlinson on Twitter at @TomlinsonCJ or email at ctomlinson@breitbart. com,  "
"CBC reports: A Montreal mosque is facing a police complaint and rebukes from the larger Muslim community after a video of an imam delivering a sermon in which he asks for Jews to be killed surfaced online. [The sermon took place at the Dar   Mosque in the city’s   neighbourhood on Dec. 23, 2016. The video was posted to the mosque’s YouTube channel three days later. The imam in the video is Jordanian cleric Sheikh Muhammad bin Musa Al Nasr  —   he was reportedly an invited guest of the mosque.  In the video, the imam recites in Arabic the verse: “O Muslim, O servant of Allah, O Muslim, O servant of Allah, there is a Jew behind me, come and kill him. ” CBC independently verified the speech and its translation. The controversial verse comes from a religious text known as a hadith, which interprets the words and actions by the Prophet Muhammad. The hadith in question deals with end times and tells how stones and trees will ask Muslims to come and kill Jews hiding behind them. Read more here."
"A Friday breaking Fox News report on surveillance of President Trump’s team that began before he became the Republican presidential nominee claimed a very senior intelligence official was responsible —  as well as for the unmasking of the names of private U. S. citizens. [The report cited sources which also indicated that House Intelligence Committee Chairman Devin Nunes ( ) knew of the existence of the information in January, but one or more intelligence agencies blocked him, and there were only two locations where he could view the information that he called “very troubling. ”  On Thursday, the New York Times began reporting what they claimed were the identities of two White House officials who were the sources of the information disclosed to Nunes. Nunes met with sources on White House grounds on the day before he announced to reporters striking news that he had seen new and disturbing information indicating intelligence officials under the Obama administration “unmasked” the names of Trump team members who were incidentally surveilled. On Saturday President Donald Trump tweeted: Wow, @FoxNews just reporting big news. Source: ”Official behind unmasking is high up. Known Intel official is responsible. Some unmasked  …    .  —   Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) April 1, 2017,  . .not associated with Russia. Trump team spied on before he was nominated.” If this is true, does not get much bigger. Would be sad for U. S.  —   Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) April 1, 2017,  The Friday Fox News report cited “a number of sources” with claims that not only were the two White House officials not the sources of the information shared with Nunes, but that Nunes knew of the information in January, and that the agencies where the information came from had blocked Nunes from gaining access to it. Further, the report cited officials within the agencies who said they were frustrated with the spreading of names for political purposes. “Our sources, who have direct knowledge of what took place, were upset because those two individuals, they say, had nothing to do with the outing of this information,” Fox reported. “We’ve learned that the surveillance that led to the unmasking of what started way before President Trump was even the GOP nominee,” reported Adam Housley. “The person who did the unmasking, I’m told, is very well known, very high up, very senior in the intelligence world and is not in the FBI. ” “This led to other surveillance which led to multiple names being unmasked. Again these are private citizens in the United States,” said Housley. “This had nothing to do with Russia, I’m told, or foreign intelligence of any kind. ” The two named in Thursday’s reports as the sources of the information in those stories were not Nunes sources. “It was a navigation situation and the reason why they had to navigate, I’m told, is that Nunes learned about this unmasking and who this was, taking place back in January. ” “It took, obviously, a number of weeks to try to figure out a way for him to see this intelligence, because the agencies were stonewalling, we’re told, to allow him and others to see it,” said Housley. “This is all coming from folks that are in these agencies and frustrated with the politics that is taking place in these agencies. ” “We’re told that the main issue here is not only the unmasking of the names, but the spreading of names for political purposes that have nothing to do with national security and everything to do with hurting and embarrassing Trump and his team,” reported Housley. “Fox also learned that an individual with direct knowledge that after Nunes had been approached by his source, the agencies basically would not allow him in at all,” said Housley. Nunes and the White House have faced heated questions from the press about Nunes’s viewing of the information on White House grounds however, the Fox report added that there were only two places where Nunes could have viewed the information. One was at the agencies where the information came from, which the reporting notes would have put the source at risk, and the other location was on the   White House grounds. Housley noted that the Old Executive Office Building is on White House grounds. He also specified where information after hours and where highly sensitive information may be accessed. Follow Michelle Moons on Twitter @MichelleDiana "
"Sunday night’s episode of Starz’s fantasy drama American Gods featured two Muslim men engaged in what many television critics and observers have called the most explicit gay sex scene in TV history. [[The story below contains graphic language.]    The third episode of American Gods, titled “The Secret of Snow,” saw Omani salesman Salim (Omid Abtahi) and The Jinn (Mousa Kraish) engaged in a nearly   sex scene complete with   male nudity and CGI semen. But according to showrunner Bryan Fuller, the scene required   because the first cut didn’t accurately capture the mechanics of gay sex. “I was like, ‘Okay, unless he has a     c*ck and can f*ck around corners, his d*ck’s not getting in him,” Fuller said of his reaction to the initial cut, according to Vulture. “So you guys need to go back and figure out where holes are. ” Based on Neil Gaiman’s acclaimed 2001 novel of the same name, American Gods follows an   widower named Shadow Moon (Ricky Whittle) who joins the enigmatic and mysterious Mr. Wednesday (Ian McShane) as they traverse a United States filled with ancient mythological gods at war with the   “New Gods. ” On writing the sex scene for his 2001   Gaiman says he found the process challenging as a straight man, having never before had gay sex. “I simply went, Okay, well, I’m about to be writing gay sex without ever having had gay sex, but I’ve read an awful lot of books by an awful lot of people, I think I can do this,” Gaiman told Vulture. The book’s description of the sex scene reads: “It is an hour or more before the ifrit comes, thrusting and grinding into Salim’s mouth. Salim has already come twice in this time. The jinn’s semen tastes strange, fiery, and it burns Salim’s throat. ” Having read those lewd lines, Fuller said “We felt like for Salim, as a man coming from a country that throws you off the top of buildings if you’re gay, a blow job in an alley is probably his only sexual experience,” Fuller said. “We felt like the djinn, in this romantic gesture, wanted to give him a more intimate sexual experience,” Fuller said of the mythical Islamic supernatural creature in the sex scene. “We wanted it to be incredibly visual and gorgeous. We wanted those things not to be lurid, but to be beautiful and captivating and for heterosexuals to watch the love scene between these two men and not go ‘Ew,’ but go, ‘That’s gorgeous. ’” Both Abtahi and Kraish, straight men who have known each other for a decade, said their friendship helped make the sex scene easier to shoot. “Omid’s a genuine,     human being, so that made it easier,” Kraish said. “I think that friendship helped a lot with our comfort zone and the connection aspect of it,” Abtahi added. The pair discussed boundaries and what wasn’t okay. “We kind of winged it,” Abthai said. “We kind of loosely talked about it, and as actors, you talk about your comfort zone and ‘This is what I’m comfortable with and within these parameters, I’ll give you 110 percent.’ Then the director would be like, ‘Action,’ and you would have four orgasms, expecting a cut after any one of those, and it just didn’t happen. ” “This felt like an action movie,” Kraish said. “We wanted it to be real and we both wanted it to be about two men who are in love with one another. ” Fuller told Vulture he was pleased with the way the scene ultimately turned out. “I hope there are Middle Eastern young men masturbating to that scene,” he said.   Follow Jerome Hudson on Twitter @jeromeehudson"
"UPDATE: Brzezinski took to Twitter to clarify her remarks, saying, “Today I said it’s the media’s job to keep President Trump from making up his own facts, NOT that it’s our job to control what people think. ” She added, “Of course, that is obvious from the transcript but some people want to make up their own facts. SAD!”  On Wednesday’s broadcast of MSNBC’s “Morning Joe,”   Mika Brzezinski stated President Trump “could have undermined the messaging so much that he can actually control exactly what people think. And that is our job. ” Brzezinski said, “I think that the dangerous, you know, edges here are that he’s is trying to undermine the media, trying to make up his own facts. And it could be that, while unemployment and the economy worsens, he could have undermined the messaging so much that he can actually control exactly what people think. And that is our job. ” (  Grabien) Follow Ian Hanchett on Twitter @IanHanchett"
"On Saturday, a coalition of actresses, pop stars, and Michael Moore congregated in cities throughout the country to protest the peaceful transfer of power between Presidents Barack Obama and Donald Trump, a   American tradition. [The speeches  —   from a cast of characters with as diverse backgrounds as Ashley Judd, Scarlett Johansson, and Madonna  —   warned that America was on the precipice of a “new age of tyranny” and only “revolution” could save it. The “pussyhats,” armed with “derogatory” language as a vehicle of “empowerment,” warned the American electorate that the age in which the American left respected the nation’s republican electoral infrastructure had ended.  The content of the speeches at such rallies appeared to deviate from their nominal purpose. Organizers allegedly called the march to defend the human rights of oppressed women. It should have been a unique opportunity to raise human rights abuses that often get sidelined from the international conversation because they affect women: female genital mutilation, refugee and internally displaced persons (IDP) rape, and sexual slavery, for starters. The top headliners at the flagship rally in Washington, DC, appeared significantly more concerned about Donald Trump, the first president to support   marriage legalization since his first day in office and a Republican who has told his conservative audiences that Planned Parenthood “does wonderful things. ” Breitbart News would be remiss not to use the occasion to highlight the women Gloria Steinem and the cast of Hamilton left behind. Below, five harrowing stories of abuse that should be at the forefront of all feminists’ struggle against oppression. Berta Soler, Soler is the head of the Ladies in White   movement in Cuba. On almost every Sunday since the “Black Spring” of 2003, Soler and her compatriots  —   the wives, daughters, sisters, and mothers of Cuban political prisoners  —   have been arrested for carrying images of their wrongfully imprisoned loved ones to church and attempting to sit in on Catholic Mass in Havana. They have been beaten, dragged by their ankles, pulled by their hair, jeered, tarred, and forcibly abandoned hours away from their homes with no way of getting back on a regular basis under the Raúl Castro regime. They seek the freedom of prisoners of conscience and a restoration of respect for basic human rights in Cuba, and openly rejected communism. Soler was last arrested on Monday and released in time for a Ladies in White resistance event Wednesday. Soler has vowed the Ladies in White will continue their weekly Mass attendance and silent marches holding the images of political prisoners throughout 2017 despite resistance and the emboldening of the Castro regime under President Obama, who she has sternly criticized in public. The Women’s March on Washington featured numerous supporters of the Castro regime, including Michael Moore and Angela Davis. Asia Bibi, Asia Bibi is a Pakistani Christian mother who has spent the past seven years on death row after two Muslim coworkers accused her of insulting Muhammad, a crime in Pakistan punishable by death. Bibi sparked the ire of her coworkers, according to case documents, by drinking out of a vessel the accusers alleged was reserved for Muslims only. Upon being confronted, her coworkers allege Bibi asked them, “What did Muhammad do for you?” Bibi denies she said this, but her word in an Islamic Pakistani court weighs less than those of her accusers. Pakistan delayed her appeal trial in October, and the chief judge presiding abruptly left the case, forcing her to forgo another Christmas with her family. The response from radical Islamic groups in the country, which are largely given free reign to protest perceived insults towards their religion, has been to demand her immediate execution. Members of these groups have taken to threatening and killing anyone who speaks against Bibi’s execution. In a particularly notable case, Punjab Governor Salmaan Taseer was shot to death by his own bodyguard for criticizing the nation’s blasphemy laws. Islamic groups around the world celebrate his death to this day. Bibi is not the only Pakistani to suffer under Pakistan’s   laws, Christian or not: women can be killed for a variety of “crimes” like refusing the advances of a Muslim man, allegedly desecrating a Quran, or simply questioning the authority of an Islamic leader. While some are arrested in these cases, few see justice served, particularly those in which relatives engaged in the “honor” murder to protect their family’s reputation. Park Yeonmi, Park escaped North Korea at age 13 through China, where guards have often taken advantage of women attempting to flee the repressive communist state by demanding sexual favors. A guard indeed attempted to rape Park, but ultimately relented after her mother offered herself up instead. She was raped twice that night. “The first time, I heard only  the sounds. The second time was in front of me. I told myself I did not  see that. That’s how I could carry on with life,” Park told Marie Claire. Park was eventually sold to a “husband” who she agreed to have sex with in exchange for being reunited with her mother, who was also sold. She has now become one of the most prominent   Korean voices in the free world, and in interviews notes that it remains difficult to express her opinion freely due to years of indoctrination. While Park’s struggle to escape North Korea is complete, her case is not unique. “Defectors face torture, arbitrary detention, rape, forced labor,” George Tugushi, the vice chairperson of the United Nations Committee Against Torture, said in 2015, urging China to cease repatriation of North Koreans. Kayla Mueller, Kayla Mueller suffered months of brutality as a favorite sex slave of Abu Bakr   the founder of the Islamic State. The jihadist group announced that she was killed in an airstrike at age 26 in 2015 the U. S. government confirmed her death but not how she died. In the months following her death, the details of her captivity were illuminated through interviews with escaped captives who knew her while enslaved by the Islamic State. Mueller was abducted in 2013 in Syria, and subjected to “torture, verbal abuse, prolonged isolation, sensory deprivation, stress positions, forced labor or sexual assault,” including rape at the hands of   himself, it is believed. While enslaved, Mueller refused to convert to Islam, defying her jihadist captors when they tried to claim otherwise, and became a protective elder sister figure to Yazidi girls who had been captured and enslaved. She refused to escape with a group of girls, arguing that, as an American, she would bring undue attention to the other girls. While Mueller died in captivity, the Islamic State continues to control large swathes of Syria, Iraq, Afghanistan, and Libya, and claims supporters in China, Russia, much of Europe, and the United States. Yazidi girls, considered “devil worshippers” by the Islamic State, have become prime targets for sexual slavery, and many remain held in captivity in Mosul, the largest city under ISIS control in Iraq. Those who survive are often shunned by their communities due to their time as sex slaves. Aid groups say those who escaped are in dire need of psychological care and many remain suicidal. Mayar Mohamed Mousa, Mousa died at age 17 in Egypt while undergoing an illegal female genital mutilation (FGM) procedure. “The initial results of an autopsy performed on the girl cite blood clotting as the possible cause of death,” CNN reported in June 2016. Complications during the mutilation  —   which often includes the complete removal of the clitoris and hacking of parts of the labia  —   are common, but parents have continued to submit their girls to the procedure to deprive them of sexual desire, keeping them “pure. ” “Many parents will have their daughters cut as a proactive measure so that they will be ‘marriageable’  …     In some communities, men refuse to marry any woman who has not been cut,” a report by the United Nations Development Programme (UNDP) explained shortly after Mousa’s death. Men who support the procedure sometimes claim it is necessary not because women are prone to promiscuity, but because trusting men to be sexually responsible is a fool’s errand. “We are a population whose men suffer from sexual weakness, which is evident because Egypt is among the biggest consumers of sexual stimulants that only the weak will consume,” Egyptian legislator Elhamy Agina said in September. “If we stop FGM, we will need strong men and we don’t have men of that sort. ” Egypt banned FGM in 2008 and has enacted new punitive measures following Mousa’s death. According to the World Health Organization (WHO) however, up to 62 percent of girls still suffer the procedure by the age of 18 (this is down from 97 percent in 2000). “More than 200 million girls and women alive today have been cut in 30 countries in Africa, the Middle East and Asia,” according to the WHO."
"Saturday, MSNBC “AM Joy” host Joy Reid played a clip of President Barack Obama’s national security adviser Susan Rice claiming she did not leak intelligence reports.  According to Reid, Rice was “trying to explain how government works” to those who do not know. “This is Susan Rice defending herself,” Reid said before the clip began. “She was on with our own Andrea Mitchell yesterday trying to explain how government works, for those that don’t know. ” Follow Trent Baker on Twitter @MagnifiTrent"
"A former high school soccer coach in Texas got 60 days in jail and eight years probation for having sex with a    female student. [Eber Lopez, 36, learned his fate Tuesday when State District Judge Robert Johnson sentenced the former Aldine Independent School District teacher to spend two months in jail followed by eight years of deferred adjudication probation, a type of punishment that translates into Lopez walking away with no criminal record if he successfully completes the terms of his sentence. However, if he does not, Lopez could face 10 years in prison.  The judge ordered him to have no contact with the victim or her family and turn himself into the jail immediately, according to KTRK. Some Aldine ISD parents were disappointed with Lopez’s sentence, feeling he should have received a stiffer penalty, including more jail time. Prosecutors requested a harsher punishment, although they said they said they found the sentence acceptable. Authorities charged Lopez with having an improper relationship with the Nimitz High School teenager last year. Breitbart Texas reported he met with the girl for sex more than 10 times at either a local motel or in the suspect’s car between September 2015 and January 2016. Their repeated dalliances became public when another student tipped off Aldine ISD administrators about the teacher and student’s relationship. Investigators later confirmed the relationship from explicit text messages, FaceTime calls, and photographs Lopez purportedly sent to the girl’s phone. The girl also gave police information on the dates and venues where the two hooked up. At the time, Lopez was jailed and later released on $30, 000 bail. He signed a strict set of bond conditions, including agreeing to have no contact with the student. Lopez admitted to having sex with the unidentified teenage girl but because she was of the age of consent, he was charged under a law that criminalizes an educator’s actions for taking advantage of a student, according to the Houston Chronicle. Harris County Prosecutor JoAnne Musick told KTRK: “This case is a little bit different because we see a    student. They’re just on the verge of graduating, they’re 17 turning 18 and the law allows the    to consent to sexual relations. There only problem here is, it can’t be with someone in the school district. ” Since 2008, the number of   sexual misconduct cases opened by the Educator Investigations Unit of the Texas Education Agency (TEA) jumped 80 percent to an alarming eight year high of 222 reported incidents in the   school year. Lt. Governor Dan Patrick charged the Texas Education Committee with the interim legislative session task of identify policy solutions to this ever escalating problem in late 2015. Then, in October 2016, the TEA announced plans to ask state lawmakers to fund nearly $400, 000 in their   to increase staff to better investigate such cases. Recently, Governor Greg Abbott called for legislation that imposed strong consequences on education professionals who violate the public trust by crossing the line sexually with students and for those school administrators who ignore the problem. Several bills were introduced into the state’s ongoing 85th Legislature that address this vexing crisis  —   Senate Bill 7, written by Senator Paul Bettencourt ( ) and House Bill 218, authored by Representative Tony Dale (  Park). These bills criminalize the actions of educators who engage sexually with students, close loopholes in the law, and stiffen prosecution measures against such deviant educator behavior. They also hold administrators to account with jail time when they fail to report teacher sexual misdeeds, prohibit school districts from rehiring convicted educator sexual predators, and mandate the automatic revocation of a teaching credential even if an educator only receives deferred adjudication. Follow Merrill Hope, a member of the original Breitbart Texas team, on Twitter."
"Four members of a Muslim grooming gang look set to be deported after losing a legal battle to stop the government stripping them of their British citizenship. [All four hold dual UK and Pakistani citizenship. Mr. Justice Bernard McCloskey, Britain’s most senior immigration judge, rejected their appeal against then Home Secretary Theresa May’s decision to take away their British nationality.  Gang ringleader Shabir Ahmed, 64, has already lost an appeal against his possible deportation in the European Court of Human Rights (ECHR) during which he claimed his convictions were a conspiracy by police and members of the jury to “scapegoat” Muslims. Last week, Mr. Justice McCloskey slammed the barristers attempting to block the deportations, accusing them of playing the system as they earn substantial fees at the taxpayer’s expense. The judge’s decision clears the way for the men to be deported. However, it is likely to take months or even years before they actually leave the country, The Times reports. The Rochdale gang to which they belonged was convicted in 2012 of preying on girls as young as 13 in the northern town, plying them with drink and drugs before they were “passed around” for sex. Mr. Ahmed is currently serving 22 years for preying on vulnerable teenagers on the street of Rochdale, as well as for 30 child rapes on a young Asian girl he treated as a “possession” for more than a decade. Adil Khan, 47, Abdul Rauf, 48, and Abdul Aziz, 46, have been released on license. Mr. Justice McCloskey, president of the immigration and asylum chamber of the upper tribunal, said: “The appellants were all many years older than their victims. In some cases girls were raped callously and viciously and in others they were forced to have sex with paying customers. “The sentencing judge noted that some of the appellants acted to satiate their lust, others did so for financial gain and some had both motivations. All were condemned as having treated their victims as worthless and undeserving of basic respect. ” The judge added: “These offences were shocking, brutal and repulsive. ”"
"First lady Melanie Trump visited a childrens’ hospital in Rome on Wednesday and a young boy who was waiting for a donor to be found for a heart transplant. [“Upon landing in Belgium, I learned a young boy and his family who had been waiting for a heart transplant was informed that the hospital has found a donor,” Melania said in a statement. “I read a book and held hands with this special little one just a few hours ago, and now my own heart is filled with joy over this news. ”  Melania Trump met with children from nine different countries —  including  Iraq and Nepal —  who are patients at the Bambino Gesu Children’s Hospital. The hospital, which is run by the Catholic Church, cares for about 600 patients and is the largest pediatric research hospital in Europe, according to Newsweek. “My visit to Bambino Gesu Children’s Hospital today was very moving,” Trump said in the statement. “To spend time speaking to and coloring with children who have such a positive spirit despite illness was an amazing gift. “The time I spent with the little ones in the Intensive Care Unit is something I will never forget, and I will pray for each of them daily,” Trump said. “I want to thank the doctors, nurses and staff of the hospital, who all do such beautiful and critical work. ” Trump’s spokeswoman, Stephanie Grisham, said she requested a visit to the hospital and that visiting the children was “very emotional” for the first lady, the Washington Examiner reported. The Examiner reported that in addition to English and her native Slovenian, Trump speaks Italian, German, French, and  ."
"The German government has taken in tens of thousands of migrants from North Africa over the course of the migrant crisis and of the 8, 363 who have been rejected for asylum only 368 were actually deported in 2016. [The German government has released deportation figures for the first 11 months of 2016 and the number of North Africans that have been deported are a fraction of those who have come into the country in the last year. The Federal Office for Migration and Refugees (BAMF) the agency in charge of processing of asylum claims, has rejected many North Africans, yet they still remain in the country, Die Welt reports.  The deportation figures come from the German Interior Ministry, who along with the regional governments are in charge of sending failed asylum seekers back to their countries of origin. In some cases such as migrants who come from the Western Balkan region, deportations both forced and voluntary, have been largely successful. However, the German government has not been able to resolve ongoing issues with repatriating failed asylum seekers to North Africa despite Interior Minister Thomas de Maizière travelling across the region last year to discuss the issue with Maghreb leaders. In 2015, the government estimated there were  10, 000 Moroccans, 13, 000 Algerians, and 2, 500 Tunisians who had arrived and were likely ineligible for asylum. One of the major reasons for the increased difficulty has been the rise in migrants who have arrived in Germany and applied for asylum without any paperwork. BAMF does not record how many asylum seekers arrive without identification or paperwork, but the agency has estimated the figure could be as high as 60 per cent of recent arrivals. One migrant who came to Germany from North Africa without paperwork was Anis Amri, the   migrant behind the Berlin Christmas market terror attack. Authorities are attempting to deport other known Islamists who are failed asylum seekers, like Mr. Amri, but due to the lack of identity documents some 62 dangerous Islamists are able to remain in the country. Making matters even more difficult for the federal government has been the announcement by various regional governments, including the   coalition in Berlin, to refuse to cooperate with forced deportations. The Berlin government has also released a report that plays down the nature of Islamist terrorism, instead claiming that right wing extremism is the biggest threat to the security of the city."
"Chicago’s ABC affiliate suspended a popular local sportsman for attacking both President Donald Trump and America itself on Twitter by calling Trump a “cartoon lunatic” and America “a country full of simpletons. ”[  sportsman Mark Giangreco raised eyebrows after last Sunday’s mini tirade on Twitter, and by Thursday employer   announced that the sportscaster was suspended saying in a statement, “Sports anchor Mark Giangreco’s Twitter comments are not in line with ABC 7 Chicago’s   editorial standards. We’ve reviewed the matter and are taking the appropriate action. ”  According to Chicago media blogger Robert Feder, Giangreco’s suspension starts Monday. Feder also reports that Giangreco, who has been a TV sportsman in Chicago for 35 years, will be suspended without pay for “multiple weeks. ” Neither Giangreco nor his agent is willing to comment at this time. ABC also did not release any further details aside from its original statement that action was being taken. The sportsman’s tweet was in reply to a tweet by Canadian sports columnist Bruce Arthur who on February 19 tweeted, “Donald Trump: a hateful ignorant corrupt simpleton supported by 87% of Republicans. ” Whereas the Canadian columnist focused on attacking Republicans, Giangreco went even further by attacking America itself by tweeting in reply, “@brucearthur so obvious, so disturbing. America exposed as a country full of simpletons who allowed this cartoon lunatic to be ‘elected’. ” Giangreco soon tried to delete the tweet but not before ChicagoCityWire. com took a screen shot of the reply and posted it. The Chicago sportsman’s scare quotes around the word “elected” alludes to his assumption that the president was not elected legitimately. But as ChicagoCityWire notes, Giangreco himself didn’t bother to vote in 2016. According to state records, Giangreco didn’t bother to vote in 2010, 2012, 2014, or 2016. This is far from the only time Giangreco has been in trouble for his conduct. In 2014 he was scolded by his bosses for putting an offensive graphic on the screen during his coverage of the Bears. As he reported on Bears quarterback Jay Cutler, Giangreco added a screen graphic reading “Cut him or cut your wrists. ” Viewers were upset that the sportsman seemed to be making light of suicide. Giangreco was also criticized in 2004 for saying that a video clip of fires raging in a city street was just a “typical night for Detroit. ” He was suspended for a week without pay for the insensitive comment. Follow Warner Todd Huston on Twitter @warnerthuston or email the author at igcolonel@hotmail. com."
"Using a tool likely stolen from the United States intelligence community, hackers launched a massive cyberattack across the world on Friday, hitting government agencies and other organizations in up to 75 countries. The attack most specifically caused havoc in Britain’s health care system. [Early on Friday, Britain’s National Health Service (NHS) was hit by an unprecedented,   cyber attack, sending the agency scrambling to care for patients. The attack prevented care, and disrupted electronic   across the country.  Many British hospitals were forced to divert or even cancel   procedures, and officials reported email and   messages demanding money in exchange for access to computer files. But the NHS was far from the only agency affected. The ransomware attack disrupted business at organizations and agencies across the world, CNN reported. The malicious code called “WannaCry” locks down computer systems, forcing users to wire cash payments to receive a code to unlock systems, authorities said Friday. “Affected machines have six hours to pay up and every few hours the ransom goes up,” Kurt Baumgartner, the principal security researcher at Kaspersky Lab, told CNN. “Most folks that have paid up appear to have paid the initial $300 in the first few hours. ” Along with Britain’s NHS, authorities in Spain also reported being hit by the ransomware attack. Other countries, including Portugal, Japan, the Philippines, Turkey and Vietnam, also reported attacks, The New York Times reported on Friday. Security experts say the attack exploits the Server Message Block (SMB) critical vulnerability that Microsoft tried to patch on March 14. “The 0day exploit, aka ETERNALBLUE, believed to be an NSA exploit tool, initially was leaked by the hacker group Shadowbrokers, prompting a patch from Microsoft,” according to Dawn Kawamoto. Experts say that the ransomware code is a “hunter module” that spreads across the Internet seeking computer systems that are vulnerable to its attack. The best way to prevent an attack is for systems managers to be sure all the most current patches are applied to their systems. The malware is also spread by malicious emails, so users are again advised not to open any email they are suspicious of or messages from people they do not know. The British National Health Service issued a statement on Friday’s outage saying that “At this stage, we do not have any evidence that patient data has been accessed. ” Our statement on the reported ransomware issues: https:  .  #nhscyberattack,  —   NHS Digital (@NHSDigital) May 12, 2017,  Follow Warner Todd Huston on Twitter @warnerthuston or email the author at igcolonel@hotmail. com."
"PALM BEACH, Fla. (AP)  —   A Trump administration spokesman says an individual was apprehended near the White House, a week after an intruder was caught on White House grounds. [advertisement"
"Sunday on CNN’s “State of the Union,” former Director of National Intelligence James Clapper said our institutions of government were “under assault” by President Donald Trump.  Partial transcript as follows: TAPPER: Let’s take a wider view of this for one second and then get back to more detailed questions. This week with the president firing the FBI director while this investigation is going on, and then saying that he was thinking about the Russia probe when he was making the decision, have we crossed a line here? well, CLAPPER: Well, I will just say that the developments of the past week very bothersome, very disturbing to me. I think in many ways, our institutions are under assault both externally and that’s the big news here, is the Russian interference in our election system. And I think as well our institutions are under assault internally. TAPPER: Internally from the president? exactly. CLAPPER: Exactly. TAPPER: Because he’s firing the checks and balances? CLAPPER: Well I think you know, the founding fathers a system of three coequal branches of government, and a   system of checks and balances, and I feel as though that’s under assault and is eroding. Follow Pam Key on Twitter @pamkeyNEN"
"The national   movement has experienced multiple successes in 2016. Ten of the major highlights of the past year are especially noteworthy. [“These laws not only protect unborn babies but serve to educate the public about the brutality of abortion,” says National Right to Life about the bans on dismemberment abortions.  “In a moment that was even cringe worthy for Democrats, Clinton reaffirmed her support for the   abortion method and abortions throughout all nine months of pregnancy,” observed National Right to Life. “By contrast, Trump said, ‘I am   and I will be appointing   judges. ’” Kristan Hawkins, president of Students for Life of America, said, despite Obama’s veto, Congress’ use of the reconciliation process to redirect funds from Planned Parenthood  —   “a likely criminal organization”  —   to other healthcare facilities is “historic. ” “This veto  —   only one of eight bills that Obama has vetoed and the very first   one  —   underscores the need for the nation to elect a   president in 2016,” she added, “one who does the will of the people instead of pandering to a corrupt and deceitful organization that betrays women and sells them, and their preborn babies, out for the bottom line. ” “There is no member of Congress in recent memory who did greater harm to a major piece of   legislation, while claiming to be   than Renee Ellmers,” said Douglas Johnson, director of federal legislation for National Right to Life."
"First lady Melania Trump made an unannounced visit Friday morning to see seven girls at a group home for abuse and domestic violence victims in Florida. [Melania Trump arrived at the shelter at around 10:15 a. m. and spoke with a group of girls between the ages of 12 and 17 for 45 minutes, the Palm Beach Post reported.  “This is a day that the girls will never forget,” said Matthew Ladika, the chief executive officer of HomeSafe, the   in charge of the shelter. The agency in charge of the girls said they were all removed from their families by court orders and placed in HomeSafe’s residential program. “It was extra special and touching.   …     She asked them what their interests are,” Ladika said. Melania also brought the girls gifts and handed out Easter baskets and stuffed bunnies to other residents at the shelter. Ladika said the Secret Service checked out the Lake Worth residence Thursday ahead of Melania’s visit. HomeSafe’s residential program serves 40 boys and seven girls in the South Florida area."
"On Monday’s broadcast of the Fox News Channel’s “Fox  Friends,” Representative Darrell Issa ( ) said that he isn’t prepared to vote for the Obamacare replacement plan the way it is right now “because I think we can do better. ”  Issa answered a question on whether he could vote for the plan as it stands right now [relevant remarks begin around 3:30] by stating, “I’m not prepared to vote for [how] it is right now. And I think  —   that’s not because of a specific, this is unacceptable, but because I think we can do better. I think we can do better in a number of areas of concern, including, we still have a problem of this  —   the shrinking pools that were created under the Affordable Care Act. And I think it’s important that when you look at the individual, if just you needed a plan, can we, in fact, do something to make sure that it doesn’t get skewed by such a large amount for sick people. Because, if we can’t find those affordable plans, we generally move people back into Medicaid or other aids. So, I think it’s important that we do a little bit more look at it. I’m looking for the budget number. In general, though, we’re doing something about a program that’s failing, that didn’t achieve what it said it was going to achieve, and, as you might know, we also have to deal with the cost drivers. The FDA, liability reform, and so on. ” Follow Ian Hanchett on Twitter @IanHanchett"
"Judge Theodore Chuang of the U. S. District Court in Maryland, who issued a temporary restraining order on March 15 halting part of President Trump’s Executive Order 13780, has scheduled a hearing on March 28  to consider the merits of a request made by the plaintiffs in their complaint to revoke the section of that exec order that limited the maximum number of refugees authorized to enter the United States in FY 2017 to 50, 000. [Several legal scholars and political commentators have questioned Chuang’s impartiality, in part because he served as deputy general counsel of the Department of Homeland Security in the Obama administration, as Breitbart reported.  In the very first sentence of his March 15 decision, Chuang makes an error of fact which may indicate how he will rule on March 28. “On March 6, 2017, President Donald J. Trump issued an Executive Order which bars, with certain exceptions, the entry to the United States of nationals of six predominantly Muslim countries, suspends the entry of refugees for 120 days, and cuts by more than half the number of refugees to be admitted to the United States in the current year,” Judge Chuang writes. (emphasis added) With this statement, Judge Chuang makes it clear that he accepts the argument made by plaintiffs HIAS (formerly Hebrew Immigrant Aid Society) and the International Refugee Assistance Project (IRAP) about refugee resettlement numbers in FY 2017. The plaintiffs argue that former President Obama’s September 22, 2016 “presidential determination” that he wanted Congress to fund the resettlement of up to 110, 000 refugees in the United States in FY 2017 means that Congress must fund the resettlement of 110, 000 refugees this fiscal year, and that President Trump has absolutely no say in the matter. The facts and the law say otherwise. In November, Donald Trump was elected president on a platform that called for a reduction in the number of refugees allowed to enter the United States, and a suspension of of refugees from Syria and other   countries into the United States, a significant event which plaintiffs HIAS and IRAP give no consideration in their complaint. HIAS received more than $19 million in federal taxpayer funding to resettle 3, 884 refugees in FY 2016, slightly more than 4 percent of the 84, 995 refugees resettled in the country that year. HIAS has received a significant annual federal funding from the federal government for over three decades. “Starting in the 2000s, HIAS expanded [its] resettlement work to include assistance to   refugees, meaning we became involved in the aftermath of conflicts from Afghanistan, Bosnia, Bulgaria, Czechoslovakia, Ethiopia, Haiti, Hungary, Iran, Morocco, Poland, Romania, Tunisia, Vietnam, and the successor states to the former Soviet Union,” according to its website. HIAS wants more money from the federal government in FY 2017, and claims in the complaint that it was promised that money by the Department of State. “After the January 27 Order was issued, the U. S. State Department notified HIAS that its resettlement obligation for FFY 2017 would be slashed from nearly 4, 800 to just over 2900 refugees. The financial losses to HIAS and its affiliate network —  up to $2. 2 million —  will be crippling, especially for many of HIAS’s affiliates, which are heavily dependent on funding that flows through HIAS,” the complaint reads. IRAP “organizes law students and lawyers to develop and enforce a set of legal and human rights for refugees and displaced persons,” and is funded by Fortune 500 companies, including 3M, General Electric, JP Morgan Chase, and Microsoft, and several dozen top level international law firms, including Davis Polk  Wardwell, Gibson, Dunn  Crutcher, Goodwin Proctor, Paul, Weiss, Rifkind, Wharton,  Garrison, Skadden Arps, and Ropes  Gray. The argument advanced by plaintiffs HIAS (formerly Hebrew Immigrant Aid Society) and the International Refugee Assistance Project (IRAP) that asked Judge Chuang to tell both the President and Congress they must allow 110, 000 refugees into the United States in FY 2017  is both unusual and misleading. Judge Chuang, for unknown reasons, chose not to rule on this specific request from the plaintiffs as part of his March 15 decision. The other federal judge who issued a similar ruling, also on March 15, Derrick Watson in Hawaii, specifically addressed the refugee limitation component of Executive Order 13780, and overruled it on grounds that were entirely political, and are likely to be reversed on appeal. “Pursuant to the President’s congressionally delegated authority under 8 U. S. C. § 1182( f) the Executive Order purports to limit the number of refugees who may be admitted in fiscal year 2017 to 50, 000, despite an earlier proclamation setting a limit of 110, 000, in violation of the Refugee Act, 8 U. S. C. § 1157( a)(2),” the plaintiffs requested in the prayer for relief section of the complaint filed on March 10, four days after President Trump signed Executive Order 13780. Plaintiffs HIAS and IRAP are arguing that Trump’s executive order limitation of refugees to 50, 000 in FY 2017 was “pursuant to the President’s congressionally delegated authority under  8 U. S. C. § 1182( f),” which reads as follows: Except as provided in subsection (b) of this section, the number of refugees who may be admitted under this section in any fiscal year after fiscal year 1982 shall be such number as the President determines, before the beginning of the fiscal year and after appropriate consultation, is justified by humanitarian concerns or is otherwise in the national interest. (emphasis added) HIAS and IRAP fail to acknowledge in their complaint that the “earlier proclamation setting a limit of 110, 000” refugees to be resettled in the United States in FY 2017 was not a Constitutionally authorized executive order, or even a “proclamation,” but instead was the statutory “presidential determination” for FY 2017 made by former President Obama on September 22, 2016. Under the statute, the Refugee Act of 1980, such a “presidential determination” of maximum refugee resettlements must be made prior to the beginning of the next fiscal year (in this case October 1, 2016, the beginning of FY 2017) and merely sets a top limit of refugees authorized but not funded for the coming year. Congress actually sets the funding level for the number of refugees to be resettled when it passes a budget for a fiscal year. “The statutory consultation provision with regard to refugee admissions was the result of a compromise reached between the State Department and Congress and addressed to levels of consultation  —   one that would be part of the president’s annual determination of refugee admissions and another, that would be required in the event of an ’emergency refugee situation,’ ” an attorney familiar with the federal refugee resettlement program tells Breitbart News. “In both instances as part of the consultation, the statute requires the cost estimate of moving and resettling these refugee admissions. There is nothing in the statute that requires consultation should the refugee admission numbers proposed in the annual determination, be decreased. In fact, the annual determination number is a proposed ceiling that hasn’t always been reached in prior fiscal years and for that matter,” the attorney adds. “While the Refugee Act did not include a legislative veto with regard to the president’s annual determination of refugee admissions, neither did it cede any of its appropriations authority that could impact refugee admissions. Nor did Congress in passing the Refugee Act, in any way either explicitly or implicitly, constrain the authority delegated to the president by Congress under 8 U. S. C. 1182( f) to restrict the entry of any aliens, refugee or otherwise, if in his judgment, it is ‘detrimental to the interests of the United States,’ ” the attorney concludes. In FY 2016, President Obama set a presidential determination of 85, 000 refugees, and Congress agreed with that number, funding the settlement of 84, 995 refugees in the FY 2016, the actual number of refugees that were resettled in the United States between October 1, 2015 and September 30, 2016. But FY 2017 has been a different matter entirely. After President Obama made a “presidential determination” of 110, 000 refugees to be resettled in FY 2017, an increase of 29 percent from the FY 2016 level, Congress was unable to agree upon a FY 2017 budget. Instead, in October it passed a 10 week continuing resolution that funded everything in FY 2017  —   including refugee resettlement  —   at the same level that it was funded in FY 2016. In the case of refugee resettlement, that meant refugee resettlement was funded during those 10 weeks at an annual rate of 85, 000 refugees, or roughly 16, 000 refugees between October 1, 2016 and December 9, 2016. On December 10, 2016, Congress passed an additional continuing resolution that extended FY 2016 funding levels for FY 2017 until April 28, 2017. That funding applies to the refugee resettlement program, as well as most other federal programs. Beyond April 28, there are currently no funds appropriated to resettle refugees in the United States for the balance of FY 2017. Congress may change that between now and April 28, but, The actual number of refugees resettled in the United States during the first 3 months and 21 days of FY 2017 between October 1, 2016 and January 21, 2017, the last day of the Obama administration, was 30, 132, according to the Department of State interactive website, a rate that if continued through the entire fiscal year would result in a total of about 97, 200 refugees resettled in the United States by September 30, 2017, the end of FY 2017. Congress, however, has, of now, only appropriated funding sufficient to resettle 48, 901 refugees in the United States in FY 2017, which is 1, 099 below the limit of 50, 000 President Trump established in Executive Order 13780. Officials at the Department of State as well as all the refugee resettlement agencies —  including HIAS —  are well aware that their funding for FY 2017 is about to run out, and that circumstance is entirely unrelated at this time to President Obama’s September 22 “presidential determination” that set the maximum limit of refugees authorized to resettle in the United States in FY 2017 at 110, 000. As of March 23, 38, 453 refugees have been resettled in the country, so under current budget appropriations, there is money to resettle only an additional 10, 448 refugees in the country for the balance of FY 2017. “Because HIAS is a   resettlement organization that has a cooperative agreement with the federal government on a   basis for each refugee served, and because the Department of State asked HIAS to increase its capacity from the 3, 884 refugees resettled in federal fiscal year (“FFY”) 2016 to 4, 794 refugees in FFY 2017, HIAS would be denied crucial funding as a result of the March 6 Order, which bans all refugees for 120 days, bars all entry for the six   countries for 90 days, and limits the number of refugees to be admitted in the current fiscal year at 50, 000, which is less than half the number the Department of State told the resettlement agencies to collectively plan to resettle,” the complaint continues. (emphasis added) “HIAS is a plaintiff in at least one of the lawsuits against the Trump Administration and I thought it might be a good idea to show you their complaints which seem to center around the idea that they were promised so many refugees (paying clients) this fiscal year and now they might not get them,” Ann Corcoran at Refugee Resettlement Watch says. “Can you sue the federal government to get grants you were hoping for?” she asks. “Shouldn’t there be a federal law disallowing   receiving federal grants from working against the hand that feeds them?” Corcoran wonders. “In FY 2015, the State Department, through the Bureau of Population, Refugees and Migration and the Office of Refugee Resettlement, spent more than $1 billion on these programs, which settled international refugees “vetted” by the United Nations High Commission on International Refugees in all 50 states and the District of Columbia. The federal government spent hundreds of millions of dollars more than that on refugees, however. The Department of Health and Human Services also provided a number of “entitlements” to these refugees,”  Breitbart News reported in 2015: Much of this $1 billion in annual revenue goes to voluntary agencies (VOLAGs) several of which are Christian   such as Catholic Charities, Lutheran Immigration and Refugee Service, World Relief Corporation, Church World Service, and Domestic and Foreign Missionary Service of the Episcopal Church of the USA. (also referred to as Episcopal Migration Ministries) who are contracted on behalf of the government to help these refugees get settled in their new homes in America. Five of the top nine VOLAGs are Christian  . The other four are Hebrew Immigrant Aid Society (HIAS) International Rescue Committee, US Committee for Refugees and Immigrants, and the Ethiopian Community Development Council. The   complaint on which Judge Chuang will hold a hearing on March 28 is all about continuing the flow of federal funds to these VOLAGs who are almost completely reliant on the taxpayers to pay for their operations, and their salaries.  "
"(AFP) Female sex workers and homeless drug addicts in Tehran should be “convinced” to undergo sterilization to prevent social problems, a deputy provincial governor in the Iranian capital said on Sunday. [“These women deal drugs, consume drugs and also work as sex workers,” Siavash Shahrivar told the ILNA news agency.  “Over 20 percent of them have AIDS and [they] spread various diseases,” he said. “In addition to  …     spreading depravity, they reproduce like hatching machines and as their children have no guardians, they sell them,” he added. “There is a project, a reality, an opinion, agreed on by many NGOs and the social elite, that if a women is sick, and is also a sex worker and has no place to stay, she should be sterilized with her own approval, and not forcefully. ” “The sterilization should be done through a project to convince homeless women to prevent social harm,” he added. Last week, when images of homeless men and women sleeping in open graves outside Tehran shocked Iranian society, a cartoonist said on social media that the women must be sterilized because they give birth to children with “weak genes. ” The suggestion by Bozorgmehr Hosseinpour to “block the misery of poor humans who enter this world with many diseases, pain and addiction” outraged many people. Some said it reminded them of “Nazi cleansing” projects. He later apologized and said the women should be given consultation for sterilization “with their own approval. ” The controversy quickly turned into a political football with conservative media accusing Shahindokht Molaverdi, vice president for women’s affairs, of advocating the sterilization of homeless women  —   which she denies. In April Molaverdi said the government “has not yet offered any specific plans for sterilization of homeless women” and such plans should be “proposed and reviewed by the Health Ministry. ” In recent years, there has been a growing crisis in Tehran where street children are born and sold by homeless or poor women living in and around the capital. Thousands of such children are put to work as beggars or street vendors. Last week the haunting images of dozens of homeless people living in empty graves in a town outside Tehran caused social media users and celebrities to react with expressions of alarm and sadness.   Iranian director Asghar Farhadi aired his frustration in a letter to President Hassan Rouhani, in which he said he was “filled with shame and sorrow. ” The president responded to Farhadi’s “painful” letter on Wednesday. “Who can see human beings hurt by social issues who take shelter in graves  …    . and not feel ashamed?” Rouhani said."
"Salman Abedi, the suicide bomber behind the deadly Manchester Arena bombing Monday night, was reportedly already known to security services but was not judged to be a threat  —   making Manchester the latest European city to be hit by a terror attack committed by someone known to authorities. [Authorities revealed the identity of the suspected suicide bomber Tuesday afternoon, hours after the Libyan origin British citizen was named by CBS News.  The terrorist detonated a nail bomb at an exit to the arena as people left an Ariana Grande pop concert that had just finished.   people were killed and dozens injured, many of whom are believed to be teenage girls and children. “This was among the worst terrorist incidents we have ever experienced in the United Kingdom,” Prime Minister Theresa May said in a statement outside 10 Downing Street Tuesday morning. The prime minister said police and security teams were working “at speed” to get the full picture of what happened, and to establish if Abedi was working by himself or as part of a wider group. Mrs. May had earlier said they believed they knew the identity of the perpetrator, but would not confirm his name.  The Evening Standard reported the bomber, who has not immediately been identified by authorities, “was known to security services but they did not believe he posed an immediate threat”. Islamic State has claimed responsibility for the attack online. If Abedi was indeed known to authorities, it would mark the latest in a number of terrorists who committed terrorist atrocities despite having been monitored by security services. Khalid Masood, the Islamic terrorist who in March mowed down people with his car before stabbing a police officer to death outside the Palace of Westminster, had been monitored by MI5 over concerns of “violent extremism” but was no longer deemed to be a threat. Anis Amri, who drove a truck through a Berlin Christmas market and killed 12 people in December, had been identified as a terrorist threat months before the attack but was not apprehended.  In France, the gunman who killed a police officer at the   in April had been the subject of a counterterrorism investigation in March. Some of the attackers behind the 2015 Paris terror attack had also been monitored by both Belgian and French intelligence services  —   but were still able to coordinate a major terrorist attack, killing 130 people. The last major terror attack to hit British soil, the   bombings in 2005 which left more than 50 people dead, was committed by four suicide bombers  —   two of whom were under surveillance by  authorities, but were reportedly not fully investigated due to a “lack of resources”. Greater Manchester Police announced Tuesday that they had arrested a    man in South Manchester in connection with Monday’s bombing, but no further details were immediately available. Adam Shaw is a politics reporter for Breitbart News based in New York. Follow Adam on Twitter: @AdamShawNY"
"Breitbart News Senior Editor MILO joked that J. K. Rowling’s Harry Potter seemed to be “the only book that millennial liberals can reference,” during his talk about how Democrats lost the vote of the working man at the University of Colorado Colorado Springs tonight.[  “Liberals have lots of theories for why working class whites abandoned them. The most obvious of which is their old standby, ‘they are racist’,” explained MILO. “That’s absurd  …     the same counties I just mentioned all voted for Obama, most of them twice. Besides, ‘crazy, corrupt and sick’ isn’t a race  …     Hillary Clinton is white. ” “They will also argue that whites voted this way out of anger,” he continued. “They voted for the clown candidate out of spite, to hurt the world that hurt them. This is a plot from a poorly written novel, it’s probably in Harry Potter somewhere since that is the only book that millennial liberals can reference. ” MILO continued to claim that “Again, like their other theories, that is insane. American voters had multiple options to express their displeasure with the system. ” “They might vote for third party candidates like Crazy Jill Stein and high as a kite Gary Johnson. Maybe even the heroic Jeb Bush,” he joked. “Or they could just stay home.  And guess what, Democrats did all three to varying degrees in different states. The Democrat push to get Republicans to vote third party failed disastrously at the same time. That McMuffin guy wouldn’t even win his home state of Utah. ” Written from prepared remarks. MILO wears glasses by Givenchy, $350. Distressed blue jeans by True Religion, $329. Brown leather belt with gold buckle by Louis Vuitton, $450. Light pink dress shirt by Brooks Brothers, $92. Sparkly purple suit jacket by Angelino, $225. Burgundy crushed velvet slippers by Crockett  Jones, $370. Socks by Ralph Lauren, 3 pairs for $21. 98. Jewellery and pearls, too much money to count. Charlie Nash is a reporter for Breitbart Tech. You can follow him on Twitter @MrNashington or like his page at Facebook."
"British Prime Minister Theresa May used her speech in Philadelphia to needle the new Trump administration on a number of issues ranging from globalism to climate change, Islam, and even to defending the European Union. [Mrs. May began her speech at the Republican Retreat in Philadelphia with a brief history of   relations, invoking the spirit of the Founding Fathers of the U. S. as well as expressing gratitude towards America’s involvement in the World Wars of the 20th century.  But her speech was also littered with politically correct terms, as well as left and   talking points regarding international institutions, Islam, and radical Islamic terrorism, the latter of which she called “Islamist extremism”. The British premier compared “open, liberal and democratic” societies in the West versus “closed, coercive” ones. She hailed the United Nations, praised the World Bank, and called NATO “the cornerstone” of Western defence. And Mrs. May also spoke of the necessity for multilateralism in stark contrast with the line pushed by the White House  —   which prefers bilateralism  —   over recent days. She cited the need to tackle “climate change” as one of the reasons to back globalist institutions. She called for the two nations to be “internationalist” and “global” though noted “Some of these organisations are in need of reform and renewal”. And while committing to the destruction of the Islamic State, she failed to mention the name of the group, choosing instead the term “Daesh”  —   a word preferred by politically correct types and most notably popularised by former Secretary of State John Kerry and President Barack Obama. She went on to describe “radical Islamists” stopping short of echoing the phrases used by the new U. S. administration including “radical Islamic terrorism”. The British PM stated: “Of course we should always be careful to distinguish between this extreme and hateful ideology and the peaceful religion of Islam, and the hundreds of millions of its adherents, including millions of our own citizens, and those further afield who are so often the first victims of this ideology’s terror”. And while Mrs. May hailed the founding principle of “liberty” and claimed the title of “conservative” to draw parallels between her beliefs and those of Republican attendees, she is perhaps best known in the United Kingdom for an unprecedented expansion of the surveillance state and indeed mass migration at historic levels. Mrs. May was a Remain campaigner during the Brexit referendum, and also used her speech in Philadelphia to underscore her commitment to Britain’s foreign aid spending. And while the British government voted against the State of Israel in the now infamous UN Security Council vote in December, she stated that democratic allies like the Jewish state must be protected. Mrs. May spoke of verification and “policing” of the Iranian nuclear deal and spoke of the trading relationship between the United Kingdom and United States. Curiously, despite Britain’s Brexit vote, Mrs. May said of the European Union: “We will build a new partnership with our friends in Europe. We are not turning our back on them, or on the interests and the values that we share. It remains overwhelmingly in our interests  —   and in those of the wider world  —   that the EU should succeed”."
"On Tuesday, President Donald Trump delivered an address at the United States Capitol Rotunda in commemoration of Yom HaShoah, or Holocaust Remembrance Day, the day before. [It is the day on which Israel, and Jews around the world, commemorate the victims and honor those who resisted the Nazis. The precise date shifts every year it is observed on the 27th of Nisan on the Hebrew calendar, which fell on April 24 this year. (International Holocaust Remembrance Day, January 27, was only created by the United Nations in 2005 and is less widely observed by Jewish communities.)  President Trump gave a strident address, in which he declared: This is my pledge to you: We will confront   (Applause.) We will stamp out prejudice. We will condemn hatred. We will bear witness. And we will act. As President of the United States, I will always stand with the Jewish people  —   and I will always stand with our great friend and partner, the State of Israel. ” The speech was warmly received, and applauded by many Jewish groups.  Yet CNN’s Dan Merica attempted to turn that positive and commendable gesture into an opportunity to attack President Trump  —   and to do so using demonstrably false claims about the administration and its staff. The headline atop his article reads: “Trump commemorates Holocaust after a series of missteps,” and the bulk of the article is about the   “missteps,” most of which are innocent mistakes and some of which are demonstrable lies that Merica repeats. For example, Merica claims: “Bomb threats have been on the rise in the United States and Canada since January, a fact some Jewish groups attribute to Trump’s campaign and presidency” [original link]. Merica links to a CNN article from February 27, but since then it was revealed that most of the threats came from a troubled Jewish   teen. The threats began under President Barack Obama, but it was President Trump who took them seriously and helped find the culprit by devoting law enforcement resources to the task. Many other threats were attributed to a   black former journalist who was allegedly trying to take revenge on an  . Merida does not mention any of that. Merica also claims: Charges of   have followed Trump since the 2016 campaign, when some of his top aides  —   including strategist Steve Bannon  —   were accused of making   comments and the campaign was criticized for being slow to reject support from David Duke, an   [sic] politician and former leader of the Ku Klux Klan. That entire paragraph is false and misleading. Months before CNN’s Jake Tapper asked Trump about Duke, Trump had already rejected Duke’s support. And Bannon has never made antisemitic comments. Merica tries to evade responsibility by reporting the accusation but without reporting that it was baseless, and that every Jewish person who has ever worked with Bannon in his long history on Wall Street, in Hollywood, and in the media has rejected it. The rest of Merica’s article reads as if it were written by a Democratic Party press shop. It is fake news at its worst, and exploits a gesture that should be above politics  —   remembering the Holocaust  —   for the sake of scoring partisan points. Joel B. Pollak is Senior    at Breitbart News. He was named one of the “most influential” people in news media in 2016. He is the   of How Trump Won: The Inside Story of a Revolution, is available from Regnery. Follow him on Twitter at @joelpollak."
"Twitter employees will donate $1. 59 million to the American Civil Liberties Union in response to President Donald Trump’s executive order temporarily halting immigration from   countries, according to a report from BuzzFeed. [The donation will come from a range of sources, with company employees last week raising $530, 000 in response to the order, which was subsequently matched by personal donations from company CEO Jack Dorsey and Executive Chairman Omid Kordestani, taking the total to $1. 59 million.  The ACLU, which is an ideologically   organization with strong ties to the Democratic Party, filed an injunction against the order, saying that “Trump’s war on equality is already taking a terrible human toll,” and it “cannot be allowed to continue. ” On Saturday, Dorsey, who has previously aligned with social   groups such as Black Lives Matter, tweeted that “the Executive Order’s humanitarian and economic impact is real and upsetting. We benefit from what refugees and immigrants bring to the U. S. ” The Executive Order’s humanitarian and economic impact is real and upsetting. We benefit from what refugees and immigrants bring to the U. S. https:  .   —   jack (@jack) January 28, 2017,  In doing so, Twitter joins a number of Silicon Valley companies in taking a stand against the order, signed by Trump last Friday, which temporarily halts immigration from seven   countries in the Middle East and North Africa until proper vetting methods are put in place. This week, Apple CEO Tim Cook and Amazon CEO Jeff Bezos confirmed that they were considering taking legal action against the executive order as well. Meanwhile, Facebook CEO Mark Zuckerberg wrote in a post that he was “concerned about the impact of the recent executive orders signed by President Trump,” and that “we should also keep our doors open to refugees and those who need help. ” You can follow Ben Kew on Facebook, on Twitter at @ben_kew, or email him at bkew@breitbart. com"
"Military and police officers in a northern Indian state that borders the disputed Himalayan region of Kashmir have been placed on alert following the appearance of graffiti and posters announcing the arrival of the Islamic State ( ) to the area. [The writings, which have been found across the Solan district of the Indian state Himachal Pradesh, also warned that ISIS would be triggering bombs in several places, an allegation that has sparked panic among the population.  According to the Press Trust of India (PTI) police indicated it was investigating the messages. “It seems to be some mischief, but we are not taking it lightly and probing thoroughly to identify the accused,” said an unnamed senior police official. The writings are reportedly in Hindi and English. One of the messages announces a “fatwa,” or religious decree issued by ISIS, while another threatens “bomb blasts from Himachal Pradesh to Nepal using washing machines and television sets,” adds PTI. The New Indian Express reports: A couple of flags with the slogan ‘ISIS zindabad’ (long live Islamic State’) were planted as well  …    A case of sedition has been registered  …    against the unknown persons  …    The deputy commissioner of Solan, Rakesh Kanwar said joint surveillance would be undertaken by the Army and civilian authorities to prevent recurrence of such graffiti. On an edition of its propaganda magazine Dabiq published early last year, ISIS declared that it is committed to “expanding” to Kashmir. India, Pakistan, and China all have competing claims to the   region. ISIS is determined to expand “to Kashmir to fight the   Hindus and the apostates from factions allied to the   of Pakistan” as well as the “atheist Chinese,” warns Dabiq. In a propaganda video, also released in 2016, ISIS declares,“We will return [to India] but with a sword in hand, to avenge  …     the killings of Muslims in Kashmir  …    ” The jihadist group has already established an   branch dubbed the Khorasan province, which is named after a region that covers parts of Afghanistan, Pakistan, Iran, India, and other neighboring countries. In 2016, various   threats and attacks took place in India."
"The House Oversight and Government Reform Committee passed a bill on Tuesday to fully audit the Federal Reserve. [The House passed previous versions of the legislation in 2012 and 2014, with dozens of Democrats joining Republicans in support. Previous bills to audit the Federal Reserve died in the Senate.  While on the campaign trail, Donald Trump expressed interest in passing legislation to audit the Federal Reserve. It is so important to audit The Federal Reserve, and yet Ted Cruz missed the vote on the bill that would allow this to be done.  —   Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) February 22, 2016,    @realDonaldTrump has stated his support for #AuditTheFed. Let’s send him the bill this Congress. https:  .   —   Senator Rand Paul (@RandPaul) January 4, 2017,  Democrats remain opposed to auditing the Federal Reserve, claiming that it would harm its independence. Rep. Carolyn Maloney ( ) said, “We should not in any way hinder their independence. ” Breitbart News spoke with Congressman Thomas Massie ( ) the sponsor of the Federal Reserve Transparency Act of 2017, about auditing the Federal Reserve. Congressman Massie said that despite the contention of critics, such as Rep. Maloney, the Federal Reserve is not independent. He said: They say that the Fed needs to remain independent and frankly we have no idea if the Fed is independent between Wall Street and the Treasury. The Federal Reserve was set up to be a second treasury. Is the motivation for the Fed good monetary policy or is it to make Wall Street money? We simply don’t know that it’s independent. Congressman Massie added that the Federal Reserve has a terrible track record of maintaining the value of the dollar. The Kentucky representative explained, “The Fed has not done well managing the value of the dollar. The power to coin money and regulate the value thereof exists with Congress. The dollar lost more than 95 percent of its value since we’ve created the Federal Reserve in 1913. ” Critics of auditing the Federal Reserve argue that the Government Accountability Office (GAO) regularly audits the Fed. Massie countered that argument, saying, The problem is that it isn’t a full audit. The GAO cannot audit Federal Reserve transactions with foreign governments and foreign banks. Sixteen trillion dollars flowed to foreign banks and foreign governments in the financial crisis without any oversight. The GAO cannot examine any Fed actions on monetary policy matters, it cannot audit transactions made at the discretion of the Federal Open Market Committee, and the GAO cannot audit communications of the Federal Reserve for any of the three previous areas. They do not want us second guessing their decisions. Massie argues that the Fed’s lack of transparency makes it harder to assess the effectiveness of monetary policy. He said: I don’t know whether raising interest rates is good or bad but what is the thought process behind it? Why do we have to read the smoke signals from the Fed to figure out how often and how much they will raise interest rates? They have kept rates artificially low for a long time, and they did the QE (Quantitative Easing) and the problem is that the Fed’s balance sheet has tripled since 2008. They’re not just trying to lower interest rates in the   they’re also trying to lower   interest rates as well by buying assets, and that’s a problem. Four years ago we had a meeting with Bernanke, it wasn’t televised and there weren’t many staffers there. I asked about the distortions that   rates creates it punishes savers and retirees. Former Fed chair Bernanke said we know it’s bad and we will try to restore interest rates, but they continued to add to the balance sheet for several years and interest rates are still probably lower than would be in a natural market. In Japan they’re more explicit about this, they’re trying to force people out of cash and into the stock market to stimulate the stock market. Congressman Massie said that by auditing the Federal Reserve, we might find out if the Federal Reserve bases its decisions on sound economics. He said, “We might find out that their decisions are bound by conflicts of interest, and not bound by sound economic principles, and who knows what we’ll find out. ” Massie contended that the Federal Reserve is a part of the D. C. swamp. He said, “We need to audit the Fed. It’s a creature of the swamp. It’s controlling the economy, and it’s still behind the veil, and people are demanding more transparency in their government in the internet age —  and we should know what our government is doing. ”"
"A pot advocacy group is pledging to lead a   march while handing out 4, 200 joints to random people in the crowd attending Donald J. Trump’s January 20 inauguration ceremony in Washington, D. C.[The group, DCMJ. org, led a successful campaign to legalize marijuana in the District of Columbia, and now it is targeting both Donald Trump and his U. S. attorney general nominee, Alabama Senator Jeff Sessions, both of whom the group says are not sufficiently friendly toward legalizing marijuana.  DCMJ is planning a protest march during Trump’s oath of office ceremony. The group said it will hand out 4, 200 joints of legally grown cannabis while marching toward the National Mall. They then plan to light up among the inauguration crowd at four minutes and 20 seconds into President Trump’s acceptance speech. The group is also circulating a letter on Capitol Hill urging senators to reject Senator Sessions, who is on record as an opponent of legalizing pot. “Donald Trump declared the war on drugs a failure three decades ago. He was right then and he has a chance to be right now. He shouldn’t have to   on an issue that the majority of Americans agree with just because his attorney general tells him to,” DCMJ   Adam Eidinger said in a statement. The groups says it will cancel its protest only if Trump comes out ahead of time and publicly supports its cause. During a recent Senate panel on the public impact of changing marijuana laws across the country, Senator Sessions noted that “marijuana is very dangerous,” and said the country will regret legalizing the drug. Sessions went on to say: We need   in charge in Washington saying marijuana is not the kind of thing that ought to be legalized it ought to be minimized —  that it is, in fact, a very real danger. You can see the accidents, traffic deaths related to marijuana. And you’ll see cocaine and heroin increase more than it would have, I think. Sessions said he feels that more use of marijuana is a “very real danger” to the nation. Follow Warner Todd Huston on Twitter @warnerthuston or email the author at igcolonel@hotmail. com."
"On the Tuesday edition of Breitbart News Daily, broadcast live on SiriusXM Patriot Channel 125 from 6AM to 9AM Eastern, Breitbart    Alex Marlow will continue our discussion of President Trump’s first 100 days. [Dr. Sebastian Gorka, Deputy Assistant to President Trump and author of the bestselling book Defeating Jihad: The Winnable War, will discuss what we can expect from President Trump’s speech before Congress Tuesday evening.  We’ll also hear from Maya MacGuineas, the President of the Committee for a Responsible Federal Budget. New York Times bestselling author and historian Doug Wead will discuss his new book Game of Thorns: The Inside Story of Hillary Clinton’s Failed Campaign and Donald Trump’s Winning Strategy. Breitbart’s James Delingpole will discuss his latest article urging Trump not to wobble on climate change. Live from London, Rome, and Jerusalem, Breitbart correspondents will provide updates on the latest international news. Breitbart News Daily is the first live, conservative radio enterprise to air seven days a week. SiriusXM Vice President for news and talk Dave Gorab called the show “the conservative news show of record. ” Follow Breitbart News on Twitter for live updates during the show. Listeners may call into the show at:   ."
"U. S. Attorney General Jeff Sessions announced tougher prosecutorial standards for people caught crossing the border illegally during a tour in southern Arizona Tuesday. He emphasized prosecuting cartel and gang connected drug and human smugglers as well as repeat crossers. [“The catch and release practices of old are over,” Sessions told a group of U. S. Customs and Border Protection personnel gathered in Nogales, Arizona. He assured these people tasked with enforcing the borders of the United States that the Department of Justice will have their backs, Breitbart News reported.  Sessions announced he released a memorandum for federal prosecutors ordering increased prosecutions of people who cross the border illegally, or those who are engaged in human smuggling. Acknowledging the decrease in border crossings since President Donald Trump took office in January, Sessions wrote that the DOJ must do its part in enforcing the law. “While dramatic progress has been made in recent months, much remains to be done,” the AG wrote. “It is critical that our work focus on criminal cases that will further reduce illegality. ” The DOJ tweeted some of Sessions remarks from the border. Speaking to the CBP officers and Border Patrol agents, the AG said, “I am here to tell you, the brave men and women of Customs and Border Protection: we hear you and we have your back. ” “I am here to tell you, the brave men  women of @CustomsBorder Protection: we hear you  we have your back. ” —  Attorney General Sessions,  —   Justice Department (@TheJusticeDept) April 11, 2017,  “Together, we will drastically reduce the danger posed by criminal aliens, gang members, and cartel henchmen,” Sessions stated. . @CustomsBorder “Together, we will drastically reduce the danger posed by criminal aliens, gang members,  cartel henchmen. ” —  Attorney General Sessions,  —   Justice Department (@TheJusticeDept) April 11, 2017,  In a memorandum reported by KTAR news, Session stated, “As we speak, I am issuing a document to all federal prosecutors that mandates the prioritization of such enforcement. ” The memorandum calls for: Session also announced the creation of a Border Security Coordinator responsible for: Sessions said the goal of these initiatives is to deter   improper entrants. “For those that continue to seek improper and illegal entry into this country, be forewarned: This is a new era. This is the Trump era,” Sessions concluded. Bob Price serves as associate editor and senior political news contributor for Breitbart Texas. He is a founding member of the Breitbart Texas team. Follow him on Twitter @BobPriceBBTX and Facebook. DOJ Memo on Renewed Commitment to Criminal Immigration Enforcement, "
"Federal Communications Commission (FCC) chairman Ajit Pai revealed Friday that the federal agency has received “a number of” complaints and is considering whether to fine Stephen Colbert for The Late Show host’s vulgar joke about President Donald Trump. [“I have had a chance to see the clip now and so, as we get complaints  —   and we’ve gotten a number of them  —   we are going to take the facts that we find and we are going to apply the law as it’s been set out by the Supreme Court and other courts and we’ll take the appropriate action,” Pai said during an interview on Philadelphia’s Talk Radio 1210 WPHT.  “Traditionally, the agency has to decide, if it does find a violation, what the appropriate remedy should be. A fine, of some sort, is typically what we do,” Pai added. During Monday’s episode of The Late Show, Colbert said, “The only thing [Trump’s] mouth is good for is being Vladimir Putin’s cock holster. ” The joke drew outrage from fans, who made the hashtag #FireColbert a trending topic on Twitter. There were also calls to boycott Colbert’s advertisers and accusations that his Trump joke was homophobic. Colbert did not address the firestorm surrounding his comments during Tuesday night’s episode, opting instead to continue to blast Trump and Putin. By Wednesday, Colbert had decided to address the controversy surrounding his   barrage of personal insults against the president. The CBS host seemed to acknowledge that his choice of words may have been offensive to the LGBT community, but Colbert declined to offer an apology to Trump. “So while I would do it again, I would change a few words that were cruder than they needed to be,” Colbert said. “I’m not going to repeat the phrase, but I just want to say for the record, life is short, and anyone who expresses their love for another person, in their own way, is to me, an American hero. I think we can all agree on that. I hope even the president and I can agree on that. Nothing else. But, that. ” Follow Jerome Hudson on Twitter: @JeromeEHudson."
"Duffel Blog, a satire blog run by military veterans, published a devastating critique of National Security Adviser Army Lt. Gen. H. R. McMaster’s reported support for putting more troops in Afghanistan, amid an intense White House debate over future U. S. involvement there. [The post, while serious in tone, was dripping with irony. It contrasted McMaster’s current support for escalating the war in Afghanistan with his famous study of the Vietnam War, “Dereliction of Duty,” in which he criticized policymakers for escalating an “unwinnable war. ”  The post is even more notable since the blog’s contributors consist of veterans and active military members who write under pseudonyms. In a post titled, “‘Dereliction of Duty’ author urges escalation of unwinnable,   war,” the author “Dirk Diggler” writes: THE WHITE HOUSE  —   The man who once wrote a book highly critical of policymakers who escalated an unwinnable war in Vietnam is urging escalation in an unwinnable war in Afghanistan, sources confirmed today. Lt. Gen. H. R. McMaster, whose PhD thesis castigated the Joint Chiefs of Staff for their “dereliction of duty” during the Vietnam War, has laid out a plan to send thousands of additional troops to fight in Afghanistan. McMaster, who rose through the ranks as an unconventional military thinker, dismissed comparisons to the Vietnam War, in which the US military tried to prop up the failing Diem regime amidst an insurgency sponsored by North Vietnam, and the war in Afghanistan, in which the US government is supporting the faltering government in Kabul against a   insurgency. McMaster and allies on the National Security Council reportedly support sending 3, 000 to 5, 000 more U. S. troops in Afghanistan and hitting the Taliban harder in order to drive them to the negotiating table. Others in the White House want to scale back the U. S. role in Afghanistan’s war with the Taliban, with enough U. S. troops to advise Afghan forces and fight terrorists. The Duffel Blog post underscored the futility with which some veterans and members of the military view escalation in the Afghanistan War, which is now in its 16th year. There were 100, 000 U. S. troops there during the height of the war. Currently, there are 8, 400. From the Blog: “We are seeing the light at the end of the tunnel,” said McMaster, President Trump’s national security adviser, citing nearly a decade’s worth of futile efforts to shift the burden of fighting onto the Afghan National Security Forces, much as US forces tried to promote the “Vietnamization” of the war in the late 1960s. The post also notes the cost of the Afghanistan war in money and lives: McMaster’s predecessor during the Vietnam War, Henry Kissinger, wrote in his diary that there was “no cheap and easy way to defeat guerilla movements,” and that “we know nothing about  . ” McMaster assured reporters this was not the case in the   war in Afghanistan, which has cost nearly one trillion dollars and claimed over 3, 500 coalition lives. The post dryly notes that Afghanistan has been commonly referred to as the “graveyard of Empires:” McMaster’s PhD thesis, later published as a book, carefully examined the nature of the war in Vietnam, a nation surrounded by hostile neighbors that had never been successfully conquered, before considering sending more troops to Afghanistan, commonly referred to as the “graveyard of Empires. ” The post was enthusiastically shared on Twitter by military veterans. I suspect @duffelblog will influence DC more through satire than The Blob© will via research.  https:  .   —   Phil Walter (@philwalter1058) May 31, 2017,  @DuffelBlog, sometimes you hit a bit too close to home.  https:  .   —   Old Drunk Prussian (@Crazy_Heinz) May 31, 2017,  Duffelblog is too on point sometimes. https:  .   —   Derek J. Connor (@DerekJConnor) May 31, 2017,  The post also touched on criticism McMaster has faced for joining the Trump administration: McMaster had considered retiring from the Army prior to assuming the position as National Security Advisor. He decided to stay on and accept the offer, however, saying, “You either retire an unorthodox thinker who speaks truth to power or you stay in the Army long enough to become a general. ” Many in the foreign policy establishment who are critical of the president had expressed hope McMaster would be the “adult in the room,” and many have slammed him for defending the administration on several occasions."
"On January 13 President Obama’s Department of Justice announced that the Chicago Police Department is “unconstitutionally engaged” in the use of “excessive” force. [The announcement was issued by Attorney General Loretta Lynch and followed a   investigation into the CPD.  According to CNN, the DOJ’s   report claims evidence that CPD officers: Lynch said: The resulting deficit in trust and accountability is not just bad for residents  —   it’s also bad for dedicated police officers trying to do their jobs safely and effectively. With this announcement, we are laying the groundwork for the difficult but necessary work of building a stronger, safer and more united Chicago for all who call it home. The CPD responded to the findings by “[agreeing] to negotiate a reform plan that would be overseen by a federal judge. ” It is interesting to note that on January 7, Chicago Police Board Chair Lori Lightfoot surveyed the epidemic of violence in   Chicago and said the CPD could not turn the tide on their own. Lighfoot did not suggest CPD officers had been excessive in force. Rather, she claimed they were lacking support in the way of prosecutions of the criminals that were being arrested. According to NPR, Lightfoot said: We need to have more federal gun prosecutions in Chicago. Our federal partners from the U. S. attorney’s office, the ATF, the FBI need to be much more invested in this overall strategy. Chicago Police Department cannot tackle this issue by itself. AWR Hawkins is the Second Amendment columnist for Breitbart News and host of Bullets with AWR Hawkins, a Breitbart News podcast. He is also the political analyst for Armed American Radio. Follow him on Twitter: @AWRHawkins. Reach him directly at awrhawkins@breitbart. com. "
"President Donald Trump plans to nominate Carlos G. Muñiz, a former attorney to former Florida Gov. Jeb Bush, as general counsel to the U. S. Education Department (USED). [Muñiz is senior vice president for the firm McGuireWoods, based in Tallahassee, Florida.  According to his biography, Muñiz “provides senior level insight and advocacy for clients in their interaction with state attorneys general throughout the country and with the executive and legislative branches of Florida state government. ” “Carlos has experience in matters involving myriad industries, including financial services, healthcare, pharmaceuticals, and education,” his bio further states. Muñiz also served as deputy attorney general and chief of staff to Florida Attorney General Pam Bondi. He earned degrees from the University of Virginia and Yale Law School. Other U. S. Education Department staff who have worked for Bush at his foundation include Neil Ruddock, former regional advocacy director at FEE, and Josh Venable, who is now “senior advisor to the secretary” at USED. Bush lost the GOP primary in 2016, in part because of his vocal support for the Common Core standards. U. S. Education Secretary Betsy DeVos contributed financially and served as a board member of Bush’s   Core Foundation for Excellence in Education (FEE)."
"French political magazine Charlie Hebdo has published a   cartoon of British Prime Minister Theresa May holding her own severed head and a number of other drawings satirising Britain’s response to terror in its latest edition. [The satirical magazine, which saw much of its editorial staff slaughtered by Islamist gunmen in a 2015 terror attack, has taken aim at Britain’s response to a spate of recent attacks, which have seen bomb and knife attacks successfully launched against civilians and police officers.  Theresa May on the front of Charlie Hebdo in France 🇷 pic. twitter.   —   Lauren Hurley (@laurenhurley_) June 7, 2017,  Apparently critiquing the failure of governments to take action against radical Islamists before it is too late, and aping Theresa May’s   soundbite “Brexit means Brexit” the front page cartoon of Thursday’s edition shows the PM holding her own severed head. Apparently speaking after a beheading attack  —   the likes of which were attempted by the Lee Rigby murder killers and during more recent attacks  —   the prime minister says “too much is too much!” The prime minister also told journalists after Saturday’s London Bridge attack of terrorism that now “enough is enough” and that there is “far too much tolerance” of Islamism in the United Kingdom. A social media post accompanying the new edition advertises the content, remarking: “This week, English multiculturalism no longer has the head on his shoulders. ” Other cartoons in this week’s edition of Charlie Hebdo include a rendition of Londoners fleeing from a terror attack  —   including the iconic image of a man escaping whilst carrying a pint of beer. Combining this imagery with   trends, the caption reads simply: “Slimming tips from the Islamic State: run fast!” The magazine also took aim at those who in the wake of the 2015 gun attack on Charlie Hebdo, apparently launched because the magazine had repeatedly published cartoons of Mohammed, said the staff may have brought the attack upon themselves by offending Muslims. A drawing of two apparently stereotypical Brits is captioned: “At least one never caricatured the Prophet. ” The new edition of Charlie Hebdo, which hits the shelves as Britain votes in the general election, follows a French election edition that poked fun at the age gap between newly elected President Emmanuel Macron, and his wife, who was a former teacher of his when he was at school. Noting the messianic quality attached to young, ascendant   politicians like Macron, the cartoon showed the    woman pregnant with the caption “He’s going to work miracles!”"
"House Speaker Paul Ryan said Tuesday during a press conference that “Planned Parenthood is not funded” in the budget reconciliation bill that Republicans should be able to get through the Senate with only 51 votes. [Ryan differentiated between the omnibus appropriations bill  —   which Republicans negotiated with Democrats  —   and the budget reconciliation bill, and said the former requires 60 votes in the Senate, while the latter only requires 51 votes.  “Look at what all our   groups are saying,” Ryan said. “They’re saying that Planned Parenthood legislation needs to be in the reconciliation bill  —   as it is  —   because that’s how you get it into law. ” Ryan continued: We always knew that it takes 60 votes to pass an appropriations bill through the Senate. This bill does not have funding for Planned Parenthood. That’s important. The reconciliation bill advances the   cause even further. So, no Planned Parenthood funding in here. And, by the way, [HHS Secretary] Tom Price is now the person who approves grants that go out to the states. So, we feel very comfortable we are working hand in glove with the administration to advance our   priorities. So, number one  —   they’re advanced here. We keep all our Hyde Amendment riders. And then our reconciliation bill  —   that’s the bill that you don’t need 60 votes on  —   that’s the bill that you don’t need to have Democrats with, and that’s the bill that where we’re advancing our cause even further, and that’s why these two efforts in conjunction with one another advance our cause and our principles quite a bit. In a press release, Ryan’s office wrote Americans “should know” that the omnibus bill Republicans agreed to “protects life,” but only provides reference to the Hyde Amendment as proof of that claim. “The bill reaffirms the Hyde amendment and prohibits federal funding of abortions,” Ryan’s office asserts. “It also specifically limits the District of Columbia from using federal funds for abortion in the district. ” The Family Research Council provided further explanation: For those of you reading the media reports that the GOP didn’t cut Planned Parenthood funding in the omnibus, there’s a reason for that. A bill like this one requires 60 votes, whereas the budget reconciliation measure  —   which is how Republicans are handling the repeal of Obamacare and the defunding of Planned Parenthood  —   only needs 51. (And, as most people know by now, that same language already has a track record of success, passing Congress in 2015.) What’s more, adding that provision as a rider on discretionary spending bills like this one wouldn’t affect the mandatory spending programs, which also finance Planned Parenthood. Republicans are committed to severing ties with the group, but the omnibus isn’t the tool to do it. Until then, we’re keeping up the fight for a plan that recognizes: abortion isn’t health care! Susan B. Anthony List president Marjorie Dannenfelser also said in a statement, “A majority (53. 3 percent) of Americans support redirecting Planned Parenthood’s taxpayer funding to community health centers that offer a full range of primary and preventative care but do not perform or promote abortion. ” “With   Republican majorities in both houses, it is incredibly disappointing that any Republican spending bill would contain continued funding for Planned Parenthood,” she added. “This makes it imperative that Republicans also move quickly on a reconciliation bill that redirects the abortion giant’s funding to community health centers. ”"
"The National Park Service announced on Friday that the reflecting pool in the shadow of the Lincoln Memorial will be drained and cleaned following the death of about 80 duckling from a parasite that grows on snails. [“Chemical treatments can’t kill the parasites and snails, so the Reflecting Pool must be drained and cleaned, according to an NPS statement obtained by the Washington Post,” the Hill reported.  The park service is expected to start draining the pool today and it’s expected to be refilled beginning on June 16. “The pool draining follows a May project by the Architect of the Capitol, in conjunction with nonprofit City Wildlife, to build a “duck ramp” to help ducklings go in and out of the Capitol’s reflecting pool,” the Hill reported. Duckling update: The full journey in. pic. twitter.   —   U. S. Capitol (@uscapitol) May 19, 2017,  The Capitol reflecting pool is located on the opposite end of the National Mall from the Lincoln Memorial Reflecting Pool. It’s not the first time the ducklings have made the news. In 1999 the Los Angeles Times wrote about the death of baby ducks from predators and the demand that the National Park Service do something to help them. “Baby ducks, born in recent weeks at Constitution Gardens on the Mall, never survived their first swim because predators from the sky and the lake snatched the tiny creatures as fast as they put their webbed feet in the water,” the Times reported. “A similar fate has befallen nearly every duckling born at Constitution Gardens in the last five years —  a stark illustration of nature’s food chain, according to the National Park Service,” the Time reported. “Since   more than 90 baby ducks have become snacks for the bass and catfish in the 7    lake, as well as for the herons drawn to the area because of the fish. But the duck community is thriving at the nearby and   Reflecting Pool in front of the Lincoln Memorial. ” “As long as there’s not a human cause for the problem, we try to let nature take its course,” said Stephen Lorenzetti, chief of the Division of Resource Management at National Capital Parks Central. “You have some people who want to save the wildlife at all costs, and that would be nice, but part of the goal is to keep the area as natural as we can. ”"
"During a statement before the Senate Judiciary Committee on Monday, Senator Chris Coons ( ) announced he would not support cloture for the nomination of Judge Neil Gorsuch to the Supreme Court, giving the Democrats enough votes to sustain a filibuster on Gorsuch’s nomination.  After laying out his concerns about Gorsuch, Coons announced that he could not vote for his nomination, but did say that he understood why Republicans and some Democrats are voting for Gorsuch. Coons then stated, “[O]n Thursday, we’ll be voting to decide whether we are ready to finish debating the confirmation of Judge Gorsuch. I am not ready to end debate on this issue. So, I will be voting against closure unless we are able, as a body, to finally sit down and find a way to avoid the nuclear option, and ensure the process to fill the next vacancy on the court is not a narrowly partisan process, but rather an opportunity of both parties to weigh in, and ensure we place a judge on the court who can secure support from members of both parties. the reality we are in requires us over the next several days to consider what both Democrats and Republicans are doing to this body, and to consider what both Republicans and Democrats have done to erode the trust that has long lasted between us, and to consider whether we can stop the undeniable momentum towards abolishing the traditions that make the senate unique and important. Democrats, including me, are still furious at the way Judge Merrick Garland was treated last year, but the traditions and principles that have defined the Senate are crumbling, and we are poised to hasten that destruction this week. So, for my part, I hope and pray that we can yet find a way together, to find a solution. ” According to tallies done by multiple outlets, Coons is the 41st member of the Senate to announce he will oppose cloture on Garland. BREAKING: Sen. Chris Coons votes no on cloture, giving Dems the 41 needed for filibuster of SCOTUS nom Neil Gorsuch https:  .  pic. twitter.   —   NBC Politics (@NBCPolitics) April 3, 2017,  Breaking: Sen Chris Coons says he’ll oppose Gorsuch. Dems now have 41 votes needed to block nomination,  —   Ari Berman (@AriBerman) April 3, 2017,  . @ChrisCoons is a NO on cloture. That’s 41 Democrats. Nuclear option here we come.  —   Phil Mattingly (@Phil_Mattingly) April 3, 2017,  Follow Ian Hanchett on Twitter @IanHanchett"
"London police have named two of the three London Bridge attackers, confirming one as a known Islamist radical who appeared in a Channel 4 documentary. [Khuram Shazad Butt, 27, from Barking, was a British citizen born in Pakistan. He was known to police and MI5, was under investigation since 2015, and was linked to notorious hate preacher Anjem Choudary’s extremist network, as Breitbart reported Monday morning.  He was a supporter of the banned Islamist group   founded by Mr. Choudary, and only last month was spotted urging people in East London not to participate in the general election, the Guardian reports. Mr. Butt was the attacker who wore an Arsenal shirt and was later pictured dying on the street with a fake suicide belt strapped to him. A second man, Rachid Redouane, 30, “had claimed to be Moroccan and Libyan” police said, revealing he also used the name Rachid Elkhdar. He was not known to police. Assistant Commissioner Mark Rowley said that although Mr. Butt was known to the security services, there had been no evidence of “attack planning. ” Police are reasonably sure about the identity of the third attacker and “inquiries are ongoing to confirm [his identity]” Assistant Commissioner Mark Rowley said: “I would urge anyone with information about these men, their movements in the days and hours before the attack and the places they frequented to come forward. “The police and our partners are doing everything we can across the country to help prevent further attacks and protect the public from harm. “At any one time MI5 and police are conducting around 500 active investigations, involving 3, 000 subjects of interest. Additionally, there are around 20, 000 individuals who are former subjects of interest, whose risk remains subject to review by MI5 and its partners. “The security and intelligence services and police have stopped 18 plots since 2013, including five since the Westminster attack two months ago. ” Hate preacher Mohammed Shamsuddin, who Khuram Shazad prayed with in the Channel 4 documentary, was an associate of notorious hate preacher Anjem Choudary, who founded the   terror group  . Mr. Choudary has been linked to numerous murderous terrorists, including Michael Adebolajo, one of the killers of Fusilier Lee Rigby, and the   London bombers, and was convicted last year of supporting Islamic State."
"With one tweet, Cleveland Indians starting pitcher Trevor Bauer stirred up Twitter users Thursday. [Bauer questioned why Twitter and Apple send his phone “liberal slanted   articles,” which ended up with Twitter users questioning his intelligence, calling him and his team’s logo “racist” and one even told him to “get cancer. ”  Really annoyed that @Apple and @Twitter continue to flood my phone with liberal slanted anti trump articles. fair and equal reporting? No?  —   Trevor Bauer (@BauerOutage) February 9, 2017,  @ToddDevlin @supermarioelia lol this is actually funny talking about someone who is widely known as being intelligent.  —   Trevor Bauer (@BauerOutage) February 10, 2017,  @holymoze @ZackMeisel @AndrewZelman wrong and wrong. Nothing about any of that is racist,  —   Trevor Bauer (@BauerOutage) February 10, 2017,  @soshnigod oh so now because I don’t agree with you I should die. Perfect example of the problem with this country,  —   Trevor Bauer (@BauerOutage) February 10, 2017,  Perfect example of the ”love” and ”tolerance” exhibited by many leftists. I state my opinion, He wishes I get cancer. Solid https:  .   —   Trevor Bauer (@BauerOutage) February 10, 2017,  @Dustyjumpwings i haven’t met a single Native American yet who thinks it’s racist. Shut up,  —   Trevor Bauer (@BauerOutage) February 10, 2017,  @AndrewZelman almost all of my teammates support trump sooooo,  —   Trevor Bauer (@BauerOutage) February 10, 2017,  Follow Trent Baker on Twitter @MagnifiTrent"
"Writing at The Intercept, Glenn Greenwald deconstructs the latest fake news story from the mainstream media about Russian hackers attacking the United States:  The Washington Post on Friday reported a genuinely alarming event: Russian hackers have penetrated the U. S. power system through an electrical grid in Vermont.   …     What’s the problem here? It did not happen. There was no “penetration of the U. S. electricity grid. ” The truth was undramatic and banal. Burlington Electric, after receiving a Homeland Security notice sent to all U. S. utility companies about the malware code found in the DNC system, searched all its computers and found the code in a single laptop that was not connected to the electric grid. Apparently, the Post did not even bother to contact the company before running its wildly sensationalistic claims, so Burlington Electric had to issue its own statement to the Burlington Free Press, which debunked the Post’s central claim (emphasis in original): “We detected the malware in a single Burlington Electric Department laptop NOT connected to our organization’s grid systems. ” Read the rest of the story at The Intercept."
"LONDON (AP)  —   British Prime Minister Theresa May on Thursday rejected a call for a referendum on Scottish independence before Britain leaves the European Union  —   a move condemned as a “democratic outrage” by Scotland’s nationalist leader. [May said “now is not the time” to reopen Scotland’s independence debate, though she did not rule out a referendum in the future. Britain is due to begin the   exit process from the   EU by the end of this month.  The United Kingdom is made up of England, Scotland, Wales and Northern Ireland. The country as a whole decided in a June 23 referendum to leave the EU, but in that ballot Scots voted 62 to 38 percent to remain. Scottish First Minister Nicola Sturgeon announced earlier this week that she will seek a referendum on Scottish independence to be held between the fall of 2018 and the spring of 2019, so Scottish voters can decide whether to leave the EU with the rest of the United Kingdom or to go it alone. The   British government, however, must agree to a legally binding referendum and May said “now is not the time. ” “All our energies should be focused on our negotiations with the European Union,” May said, adding that holding a Scotland referendum while EU exit talks are still underway would “make it more difficult for us to get the right deal for Scotland and the right deal for the U. K. ” May’s stance sets up a showdown with Sturgeon’s   administration. Sturgeon will ask the Scottish parliament next week to start the process of seeking a new referendum. Sturgeon said Thursday it would be a “democratic outrage” for the British government to stop the people of Scotland from “having a choice over their future. ” “It is for the Scottish parliament  —   not Downing Street  —   to determine the timing of a referendum, and the decision of the Scottish parliament must be respected,” she said. Still, Sturgeon’s Scottish National Party does not hold an outright majority in the Scottish legislature. Scottish Conservative leader Ruth Davidson, whose party has the   bloc of seats, said the Tories would oppose the push for a new independence vote. “We reject conclusively the timetable for a referendum set out by the Scottish government,” she said. Davidson said voting on independence without knowing how Britain was faring outside the EU would mean that “on the most important decision we can make, we would be voting blind. ” The British government’s Scotland minister, David Mundell, said May’s administration “will not be entering into discussions or negotiations” about a new referendum on Scottish independence. Also Thursday, Britain’s EU exit moved closer when a bill authorizing the British government to begin divorce proceedings with the bloc became law. House of Commons Speaker John Bercow announced that the European Union (Notification of Withdrawal) Act had received the assent of Queen Elizabeth II. The bill was passed Monday by Parliament but needed royal assent to become a law. Such assent is a formality  —   no monarch has refused to sign a bill for more than 300 years. May is now free to invoke Article 50 of the EU’s key treaty, triggering two years of exit negotiations. She says she will do that by March 31, calling it a “decisive moment” for Britain. The prime minister’s office has indicated notification will come in the last week of the month. Under the terms of the EU treaty, Britain will no longer be a member of the bloc two years after May issues the notification. The British government hopes to seal a new   deal between the U. K. and the bloc in that time. But EU negotiators warn it could take two years just to settle the divorce terms, and agreeing on a new relationship for the U. K. and the EU could take years longer."
"California law long criminalized recording a person without their consent. This law has never before been applied to a journalist engaged in undercover reporting. It has now. [The California Attorney General just issued a criminal complaint against two   documentary journalists for their undercover videos about Planned Parenthood activity concerning aborted baby parts. It may be the liberal Attorney General assumes his highly selective choice to only prosecute   documentarians will allow journalists to turn a blind eye to the extraordinary application of this law to undercover reporting that is   in California.   Section 632 of the California Criminal code makes it a crime to “intentionally” and “without the consent of all parties” record a conversation if that conversation is a “confidential communication. ” A conversation is, by law, not confidential if there is not a reasonable expectation it cannot be overheard. A conversation is, by law, not confidential if it concerns certain kinds of criminal conduct  —   colloquially known as the “extortion exemption” but also applicable to other crimes, such as violent crimes against a person.  Under clear California law, the First Amendment protects the publishing of any recording of public interest. Additionally, up until yesterday, it was assumed the First Amendment prevented criminal prosecution for   investigative undercover recordings in aid of First Amendment activity. A California court already recognized the activity of these two   investigative journalists as First Amendment protected activity when denying an injunction against their publishing the results of the recordings.  As the California Supreme Court twice noted, while not imposing a complete press exception for the undercover recording law, section 632 “might, under some circumstances, impose an impermissible burden on   and that such a burden might be found in a law that, as applied to the press, would result in a significant constriction of the flow of news to the public and thus eviscerate the freedom of the press. ”  The court first noted “the First Amendment protects the ordinary   techniques of reporters and those techniques cannot be stripped of their constitutional shield by calling them tortious. ” The court further noted “hidden cameras and miniature cordless and directional microphones are powerful investigative tools for news gathering” even if they threaten personal privacy. The court prioritized protection for those cases where the First Amendment motivation directed the undercover recording activity.  In particular, the court implied that where the reporting in question “depends on secretly recording” to obtain the news, then the First Amendment would preclude application of section 632’s criminal penalties. As the United States Supreme Court explicated: “without some protection for seeking out the news, freedom of the press would be eviscerated. ”   To date, there has not been a single public complaint from the liberal press about this extraordinary criminalization of documentary reporting. Apparently, liberal media believes the First Amendment is their wholly owned monopoly, and when it comes to conservatives, the First Amendment need not apply. That puts everyone at risk.  Robert Barnes is a trial lawyer with high profile wins in constitutional, criminal, and civil law. You can follow him @Barnes_Law."
"Former UKIP leader Nigel Farage has expressed concern over “supporter and friend” U. S. President Donald J. Trump’s decision to approve the launch of 60 U. S. Tomahawk missiles on Syria’s Shayrat air base in   Homs. [“I have to say, I woke up to this news this morning very, very surprised. And I think a lot of Trump voters will be scratching their heads hard and asking, ‘where does this go from here? ’” said Mr. Farage Friday morning, speaking on the LBC radio network.  The MEP told presenter Nick Ferrari: “I’m a Trump supporter and friend, and one of the things that I think helped him gain votes was the idea that we shouldn’t endlessly get involved militarily in the Middle East without fully thinking through the implications of what we’re doing. “I think back to Libya a few years ago and, unarguably, we’ve made the world worse as a result of our intervention. ” Pointing out that his platform of   was one of the president’s key selling points during the 2016 U. S. election campaign, Mr. Farage said the world “could have done with more certainty” over the situation in Syria before the U. S. launched airstrikes. Other figures in the UK have taken to Twitter to express their dismay at the bombing, with current UKIP leader Paul Nuttall saying he “hoped for better” from President Trump. The U. S. bombing of Syria last night was rash, trigger happy, nonsensical and will achieve nothing. I hoped for better.  —   Paul Nuttall (@paulnuttallukip) April 7, 2017,  And UKIP backer Arron Banks highlighted a tweet made by the U. S. president in 2013, which insisted America should “stay out” of Syria, and called the recent decision to launch airstrikes “stupid”. Right first time. Stupid https:  .   —   Arron Banks (@Arron_banks) April 7, 2017,  “Who stole my President?” asked UK columnist and radio personality Katie Hopkins, who was one of the property tycoon’s first vocal supporters in the British media. Who stole my President? #Syriahoax pic. twitter.   —   Katie Hopkins (@KTHopkins) April 7, 2017,  U. S. senators such as Lindsey Graham and John McCain, who have repeatedly criticised Trump’s populist platform, showered praise on the president for ordering the strike in retaliation for a chemical weapons attack allegedly ordered by Syrian leader Bashar  . But former House of Representatives member and presidential candidate Ron Paul argued that there is “zero chance” the Syrian president was to blame for the chemical attack, pointing out that “it doesn’t make any sense for Assad under these conditions to all of a sudden use poison gases”."
"Monday on ABC’s “The View,” while discussing former first lady Michelle Obama criticizing Trump administration’s cuts to her regulations on school lunch programs,   Joy Behar said “a lot” of President Donald Trump’s voters are “resentful of any poor child getting something for free. ”  Behar said “I just want to say, there is a certain segment of the society that’s resentful of any poor child getting something for free. Those people need to look in the mirror. There are certain people in this country. They know who they are. A lot of them voted for Trump. And there is resentment involved there. ” Follow Pam Key on Twitter @pamkeyNEN"
"LOS ANGELES (AP)  —   “Wonder Woman” fell to second place in its third weekend in theaters, but it’s still doing the heavy lifting for the otherwise lackluster summer box office. [While many worn out franchises and franchise hopefuls continue to struggle to find a significant North American audience, smaller films such as the Tupac biopic “All Eyez on Me” and the shark thriller “47 Meters Down” were able to break through the clutter and make a splash this weekend.  As expected, the third installment in Disney and Pixar’s $1 billion “Cars” franchise easily took the top spot, but its estimated $53. 5 million in earnings told a more complicated tale. “Cars 3” had the worst opening in the series’ history  —   “Cars” opened to $60. 1 million and “Cars 2” to $66. 1 million  —   and it was one of the lowest debut totals for the Pixar brand. It was also a disappointment compared with the top films over this weekend in 2015 and 2016, noted comScore senior media analyst Paul Dergarabedian. A year ago, Pixar’s “Finding Dory” debuted with $135. 1 million. In 2015, Jurassic World” raked in $106. 6 million in its second weekend. “That kind of tells you the state of the industry,” Dergarabedian said. The   “Cars 3” got an “A″ CinemaScore and generally positive reviews, but it will have to contend with “Despicable Me 3” which opens in two weeks. “Wonder Woman” was knocked down to second place with $40. 8 million, bringing its domestic total to $274. 6 million, while holdover “The Mummy” slid to fourth place in weekend two with $13. 9 million. “It’s been a challenging summer. I always say it comes down to product. Are the movies grabbing people?” Dergarabedian said. “Before ‘Wonder Woman’ we were about 9 percent behind last summer. We’re now at about even, but the industry would like to see better than even. ” Amid the doldrums,   films were able to make a mark. The   Tupac biopic “All Eyez on Me” earned $27. 1 million to take third place on the charts. Despite largely negative reviews, audiences gave the film an “ ” CinemaScore. Lionsgate’s Codeblack division marketed the pic, which cost Morgan Creek Productions around $40 million to produce. It opened to coincide with what would have been the late rapper’s 46th birthday on June 16. “It’s always nice to exceed expectations,” said David Spitz, the president of theatrical distribution for Lionsgate. The Mandy Moore shark thriller “47 Meters Down” also exceeded low expectations, earning $11. 5 million for a fifth place start. A “C″ CinemaScore, however, could mean the pic is dead in the water going forward. The raunchy   comedy “Rough Night” is also facing some rough waters ahead with its ghastly “C+” CinemaScore. The film, about a bachelorette party weekend gone wrong, starring Scarlett Johansson, Kate McKinnon and Jillian Bell, took in a paltry $8. 1 million against a $20 million production budget. “Rough Night” opened in seventh place, behind “Pirates of the Caribbean: Dead Men Tell No Tales,” which brought in $8. 5 million. The fifth “Pirates” film has earned $150. 1 million domestically and $500 million internationally. Next week, another fifth installment  —   “Transformers: The Last Knight”  —   opens. Dergarabedian expects it follow suit with most of the summer’s franchises and earn the bulk of its money abroad. “Sometimes the bigger and better box office stories are not at No. 1,” Dergarabedian said. “‘All Eyez on Me’ and ‘47 Meters Down’ are the kind of movies people are looking for. It bodes well for ‘Baby Driver’ and ‘Atomic Blonde. ’” Estimated ticket sales for Friday through Sunday at U. S. and Canadian theaters, according to comScore. Final domestic figures will be released Monday. 1. “Cars 3,” $53. 5 million. 2. “Wonder Woman,” $40. 8 million. 3. “All Eyez on Me,” $27. 1 million. 4. “The Mummy,” $13. 9 million. 5. “47 Meters Down,” $11. 5 million. 6. “Pirates of the Caribbean: Dead Men Tell No Tales,” $8. 5 million. 7. “Rough Night,” $8. 1 million. 8. “Captain Underpants: The First Epic Movie,” $7. 4 million. 9. “Guardians of the Galaxy Vol. 2,” $5 million. 10. “It Comes At Night,” $2. 6 million."
"The Turkish Foreign Minister has said that his country is prepared to once again allow migrants passage into Europe if Turks are not permitted to travel in the European Union (EU) without visas. [Minister Mevlut Cavusoglu told CNN Turk television Saturday that the EU’s failure to uphold its part of the agreement entered into last March jeopardized Turkey’s will to keep migrants from crossing through Turkey into Greece.  Turkey will present a final text to EU leaders, Cavusoglu said, “and either it will all be canceled, including the visa liberalization and migrant deal, or it will all be implemented. ” This is not Turkey’s first threat to release droves of migrants into the European Union. Last August, Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdogan’s warned that he was ready to reopen migrant routes from Turkey into Europe, a move that could mean an influx of as many as 3 million migrants into the EU. “The European Union is not acting sincerely with Turkey,” Erdogan said in an interview with the French daily Le Monde. “We have taken in 3 million refugees, whereas the EU’s only concern is keeping them out of its territory. ” Turkey has exploited the prospect of waves of millions of migrants into Europe to pressure Brussels into allowing Turkish citizens to enter Europe freely without visas, which is seen as a first step toward eventual Turkish membership in the EU. Erdogan has insisted that the waiving of Europe’s visa requirement was meant to go into effect simultaneously with the agreement regarding Turkeys’ blocking of migrants from entering EU states, particularly Greece. “If our demands are not met, readmissions will no longer be possible,” Erdogan warned. In March 2016, Turkey and the EU made a pact to stem a the flow of migrants to Europe in exchange for billions of euros in aid to Turkey and the lifting of   visa requirements on Turkish citizens. Follow Thomas D. Williams on Twitter Follow @tdwilliamsrome"
"Senator Joe Manchin ( ) claims President Trump has the “fortitude” to make the U. S. Senate pass gun control. [Manchin pushed gun control in the wake of the heinous attack on Sandy Hook Elementary, only to see it rejected by Republicans —  along with some Democrats —  in April 2013. He has tried to revive the gun control push more than once in the years since and believes it can be secured with Trump in office.  According to CNN, Manchin was asked about gun control and said, “Donald Trump’s the only person that can do that right now. ” He suggested Trump could add “gun sense” to the failed Senate bill, thereby convincing some gun control opponents to support it. Manchin went   gun control and explained the rejection of his gun control bill by saying: There’s a reason that certain people shouldn’t be able to have access to guns. Every   gun owner understands that. They read our bill and saw we had a good piece of legislation, but no one had the fortitude to do it. And [Trump] could do it. He did not mention that the Sandy Hook gunman stole the guns he used in the attack therefore his actions would not have been curtailed in the slightest by Manchin’s proposed gun laws. Ironically, Manchin admitted this in the days leading up the Senate’s rejection of his gun control bill. During the April 14, 2013, airing of CBS News Face the Nation, Manchin noted that his bill would have done nothing to prevent the Sandy Hook attack, had it been implemented before the attack occurred. And empirical evidence supports Manchin’s admission. As a matter of fact, evidence abounds showing universal background checks —  the core of Manchin’s gun control —  pose no hindrance to mass public attackers. For example, Colorado has universal background checks, yet the state witnessed a   attack on Halloween 2015 in Colorado Springs and another on a Planned Parenthood on November 27, 2015. California has universal background checks yet witnessed three killed in a May 23, 2014,   attack in Santa Barbara 14 killed in a December 2, 2015,   attack in San Bernardino a   on UCLA’s   campus on June 1, 2016 two Palm Springs officers killed in an ambush attack on October 8 2016, and three people killed in a   at a San Bernardino elementary school last week. Washington state has universal background checks, yet five innocents were killed in a mass shooting at a Burlington mall on September 23, 2016. And if we look at Europe, France has universal background checks, yet at least 142 innocents were shot and killed by armed attackers during 2015 alone. Perhaps West Virginians need to have the fortitude to show up to the polls on November 2018 and replace   Senator Manchin with someone who will protect the Second Amendment. AWR Hawkins is the Second Amendment columnist for Breitbart News and host of Bullets with AWR Hawkins, a Breitbart News podcast. He is also the political analyst for Armed American Radio. Follow him on Twitter: @AWRHawkins. Reach him directly at awrhawkins@breitbart. com"
"On Tuesday, the Alabama House passed legislation extending    laws to cover armed,    . [The  legislation  —   HB 36  —   was sponsored by state Rep. Lynn Greer ( ).  According to the Decatur Daily, Greer’s   “provides that a person is not criminally liable for using physical force, including deadly force, in   or in defense of another person on the premises of a church under certain conditions, including when the force is used against someone attempting to commit physical injury, robbery or a sex crime at the church. ” Greer stressed that HB 36 “does not force churches to do anything,” meaning that churches are not forced to put individuals through a special training process before they can be part of an armed security team. He said, “Our Stand Your Ground laws don’t require training to protect your home and your family. ” He cited lack of finances as another reason for not requiring a special training course for   citizens armed in church. The cost of such a course would immediately price some churches out of getting a security team, thereby leaving them vulnerable to an attack like the one that occurred in Charleston, South Carolina, on June 17, 2015. State Rep. James Buskey ( ) said, “If they aren’t going to go through training, why would we give them immunity?” It is interesting to note that Alabama already has a    law for   residents who must use deadly force to protect their lives and the lives of their families. Like Greer’s HB 36, the current law does not require special training before an individual exercises his or her natural right to  . Greer’s bill now goes to the Senate. AWR Hawkins is the Second Amendment columnist for Breitbart News and host of Bullets with AWR Hawkins, a Breitbart News podcast. He is also the political analyst for Armed American Radio. Follow him on Twitter: @AWRHawkins. Reach him directly at awrhawkins@breitbart. com."
"Follow Breitbart News for live updates as FBI Director James Comey testifies before the House Intelligence Committee. [Comey is expected to address two controversial topics: President Donald Trump’s claim that former President Barack Obama wiretapped Trump Tower during the 2016 presidential campaign, and allegations of collusion between the Trump campaign and the Russian government.  All times eastern: 3:19 PM: Gowdy asks Comey several questions on basic concepts of law, such as what hearsay is and why we have   of witnesses. Gowdy states that many of the accusations presented by his Democratic colleagues are hearsay and would not be admitted as evidence to a trial  —   also expresses frustration that anonymous sources cannot be  . 3:10 PM: Rep. Will Hurd ( ) gets Comey and Rogers to restate that neither the FBI nor NSA ever had direct access to the DNC’s machines for firsthand examination of forensic information on those devices to compare to the conclusions from CrowdStrike. 3:06 PM: Rep. Castro asks Comey if the leaks could have come from (Trump’s) White House staff instead of the intelligence community. Suggests those leakers could have “a political Munchausen by proxy syndrome” and want to create a mess that only they can clean up. 3:00 PM: As Rep. Denny Heck ( ) continues rambling with innuendo about the many proper nouns in the Steele dossier, this is extremely accurate: Hour 5 and Comey and Rogers are just lovin life pic. twitter.   —   Robbie Gramer (@RobbieGramer) March 20, 2017,  2:45 PM: Rep. Rick Crawford ( ) asks if private citizens and members of a presidential transition team are required by law to report interactions with foreign officials. Rogers says he is unsure of the law on that point. 2:37 PM: Important detail re: authorization of Comey’s revelation today: Acting deputy AG Dana Boente approved Comey statement about FBI probe of   link, informed source tells Yahoo News,  —   Michael Isikoff (@Isikoff) March 20, 2017,  2:25 PM: Rep. Joaquin Castro ( ) wants to talk about the Christopher Steele dossier. Comey does not. 2:20 PM: Basic bloggers perking up. ”I hate the New England Patriots”  —   FBI Director James Comey,  —   Matthew Zeitlin (@MattZeitlin) March 20, 2017,  Comey: ”I hate the New England Patriots  …    ” He’s good now.  —   Luke O’Neil (@lukeoneil47) March 20, 2017,  2:19 PM: Hehe. Comey: ’Russians at first thought Trump had a chance, but eventually realized that he was HOPELESS.’ #ComeyHearing,  —   Kevin M. Levin (@KevinLevin) March 20, 2017,  2:15 PM: Comey tells Rep. Chris Stewart ( ): We did not make any conclusion as to the success of the Russians’ efforts. 1:45 PM: Wut. Former Hillary staffers actually mocking Comey for having to pee, suggesting that Hillary didn’t have to https:  .   —   Charlie Spiering (@charliespiering) March 20, 2017,  1:39 PM: Comey asks for a bathroom break. 1:30 PM: Turner asks Comey to create some kind of mechanism to correct misinformation about classified info. Comey says that if he got into the practice of correcting such stories, any time he did not correct them, it would be seen as a confirmation of the story. 1:27 PM: Rep. Turner asks Comey if it is a crime for attendees at an intel briefing to lie to reporters about the classified content of that meeting. Comey says no. 1:19 PM: Rep. Eric Swalwell ( ) tries to get Comey to say that Trump’s “wiretap” tweet is “false. ” Comey disagrees and reiterates that he does not have evidence suggesting Trump’s claim was correct. 1:16 PM:  Comey notes he has not said ”collusion” today  —   as a ”legal term of art”  —   but the FBI is investigating ”coordination.”  —   Katie Bo Williams (@KatieBoWill) March 20, 2017,  Comey just made a really important point about ”” who don’t realize they are working for a foreign government.  —   Ken Dilanian (@KenDilanianNBC) March 20, 2017,  ”You can do things to help a foreign nation state without realizing it. ”Is Comey giving Trump a Too Dumb for Treason Excuse? #ComeyHearing,  —   Karen DaltonBeninato (@kbeninato) March 20, 2017,  Comey: ”Romance can be a feature” of foreign intelligence gathering. AKA the ”honey pot”  —   Josh Rogin (@joshrogin) March 20, 2017,  1:09 PM: Rep. Speier now on Michael Caputo, Roger Stone, and Gazprom. “Any thoughts?” she asks both Comey and Rogers. 1:05 PM: Turner tells Comey “there is a cloud over our system” with the announcement of this investigation after former DNI Clapper said there is “no evidence of collusion” between Russia and the Trump campaign. 1:01 PM: Rep. Mike Turner ( ) gets Rogers to admit that the NSA is not required to cease surveillance if its surveillance incidentally picks up communications from an American citizen. 12:55 PM:  Comey: ”They (Russia) were unusually loud in their intrusion. It was almost as if they didn’t care that we knew about their intrusions.”  —   William LeGate (@williamlegate) March 20, 2017,  12:50 PM: Trump’s @POTUS account continues trolling the far left. That’s a lie: Comey and Rogers said they influenced the election, but no evidence it manipulated votes https:  .   —   Justin Miller (@justinjm1) March 20, 2017,  This is incorrect. Comey and Rogers said they saw no evidence of direct vote tampering. https:  .   —   Eric Geller (@ericgeller) March 20, 2017,  @POTUS Rogers says literally the opposite in that clip. ”We are probably not the best organization to provide a complete answer.”  —   Matt Peterson (@mattbpete) March 20, 2017,  This is not what they actually testified. https:  .   —   Spencer Ackerman (@attackerman) March 20, 2017,  12:48 PM: Rep. Jackie Speier ( ) asks Comey and Rogers about Rex Tillerson in relation to the   conspiracy. Both say that they are not in a position to discuss whether Putin benefits from Tillerson serving as Secretary of State. Speier, California Dem, trying to get Comey  Rogers to disparage Tillerson on Russia ties, neither of whom want to go there.  —   Spencer Ackerman (@attackerman) March 20, 2017,  Q from @RepSpeier: Is Russia our adversary? FBI Director Comey: “Yes. ” NSA Director Rogers: “Yes. ” pic. twitter.   —   Bradd Jaffy (@BraddJaffy) March 20, 2017,  12:40 PM: Rep. André Carson ( ) asking Rogers how much Russia’s economy would benefit from the U. S. lifting sanctions. 12:35 PM: Rogers declines to discuss the specific methods of Russian cyber attacks. 12:28 PM: After King names the few people who were in the room in that particular meeting (e. g. James Clapper) Comey says that he will not comment to confirm or deny media reports. Says that, generally, “it often turns out there were more people who know about something than you expected. ” King grills Comey over dossier briefing. Comey refuses to confirm even the existence of the meeting.  —   Katie Bo Williams (@KatieBoWill) March 20, 2017,  12:26 PM: King asks Comey specifically about his presentation of the Steele dossier to   Trump and how details of that meeting leaked to reporters within hours. Comey says that, in general, leaks at this level should be investigated and, if possible, prosecuted. Comey on leaks of classified information: ”I do think it should be investigated aggressively and if possible, prosecuted.” #ComeyHearing,  —   Kristina Wong (@kristina_wong) March 20, 2017,  12:25 PM: Rep. Peter King says he has “never seen such a sustained period of leaks” during his time in Congress. ”I’ve never seen such a sustained period of leaks,” Rep. Steve King says of journalists’ reporting on Trump and his associates.  —   Phil Elliott (@Philip_Elliott) March 20, 2017,  12:22 PM: Nunes says the IC changed its assessment between December and January  —   that in December, it only claimed the Russians wanted to hurt Clinton and in January, the assessment added the detail about hoping to help Trump. Both Comey and Rogers sharply contest this claim. 12:13 PM: Sewell asking Rogers how long the NSA has known that the TV network RT is connected to the Russian government. 12:08 PM: Rep. Sewell monologuing, with Comey punctuating her thoughts in terse “I can’t comment on that” statements. 12:06 PM: Rep. Schiff is asking Comey whether Russia likes NATO and Brexit. 12:02 PM: Conaway asks why the Washington Post printed language in December that reads almost identically to the IC’s January report on Russian interference. Comey says that none of the authors of the Washington Post article containing that language helped draft the IC report. Conaway then wonders how they got such a prescient scoop, heavily insinuating that an intelligence official illegally gave them that information. 11:58 AM: Rep. Mike Conaway ( ) asking how the IC determined the intent of the Russian government in its cyberattacks  —   particularly the belief that it hoped to hurt Clinton’s campaign and help Trump’s. Comey and Rogers stand firm in that assessment, arguing that Putin so disliked Clinton that it logically follows that he held a “clear preference” for Trump. 11:50 AM: Rep. Nunes asking if Comey would consider information regarding Russian interference into Hillary Clinton’s campaign, the Clinton Foundation, or any other campaign. Comey says he would consider any information brought by parties alleging illegal activity. 11:46 AM: NY Times priorities, in &lt140 characters: Trey Gowdy far more concerned with role of reporters in revealing details of FBI investigations than Russia’s role in hacking 2016 election.  —   Glenn Thrush (@GlennThrush) March 20, 2017,  11:39 AM: Comey says he cannot comment on a line of inquiry about Paul Manafort and Ukraine. 11:37 AM: Rep. Himes very concerned by Trump not saying mean things about Russian President Vladimir Putin. 11:35 AM: Comey continues to rebuff Schiff’s questions about Roger Stone. Says that Russia did not directly interact with Wikileaks but used “cutouts. ” Comey: Russians used ”some kind of cutout” between Wikileaks rather than directly dealing with them.  —   Kimberly Atkins (@KimberlyEAtkins) March 20, 2017,  11:33 AM: Gowdy concludes by telling Comey that reauthorization of the NSA’s program relating to Section 702 of the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act (FISA) is in jeopardy until this issue of the Flynn leak is “resolved. ” 11:30 AM: Gowdy asks Comey to assure the American people that he takes the leaks seriously enough to investigate them. Comey says he cannot make that commitment at this time. 11:26 AM: Gowdy asks if the White House can put in a request to the NSA to “unmask” or identify a U. S. citizen in collected data. He then asks, one by one, whether several Obama political appointees had the ability to make such a request. Among those names, Comey says that Susan Rice and Loretta Lynch could make such a request. Gowdy then asks Comey if, in theory, he would have similar access. Gowdy confirming w Comey that Obama sr officials cld have had access to Flynn’s name. #intelhearing,  —   Kerry Picket (@KerryPicket) March 20, 2017,  Gowdy is asking Comey about potential sources for Flynn stories, specifically naming Clapper, Brennan, Ben Rhodes and Loretta Lynch.  —   Dustin Volz (@dnvolz) March 20, 2017,  11:18 AM: Rep. Gowdy asks Comey whether a reporter may face criminal penalties for publishing classified information  —   specifically whether there is any exception in federal law for reporters to publish such information. Comey says he does not know of such an exception and cannot think of a legal way that reporters would have received knowledge of   information. 11:16 AM: Rep. Terri Sewell ( ) asks several questions too specific for Comey to answer. Settles on asking him how, in general, these investigations proceed and how long they “usually” take. 11:13 AM: Rep. Jim Himes ( ) asks Comey how far along his investigation is. Comey says the FBI’s investigation began in late July. 11:11 AM: Schiff is now asking Comey about Roger Stone. Comey says he does not want to discuss any information about specific individuals. 11:08 AM: Schiff asks and Rogers denies that Obama asked British intelligence to conduct surveillance on Trump   his associates. 11:04 AM: From Breitbart News’ Kristina Wong: FBI Director James Comey on Monday confirmed that there is an active FBI investigation into Russia’s interference in the 2016 presidential elections, which includes any links between the Russian government and Trump campaign officials. Comey said the FBI investigation “includes investigating the nature of any links between individuals associated with the Trump campaign and the Russian government and whether there was any coordination between the campaign and Russia’s efforts. ” It was the first time he confirmed that the FBI was investigation possible links between Russia and the Trump campaign. However, it was not a confirmation of those links, or any wrongdoing. 11:03 AM: Schiff begins asking Comey to comment on Trump’s tweets alleging Obama ordered a wiretap of Trump Tower. Comey says there is no evidence to support Trump’s specific wording in those tweets. 11:00 AM: Rep. Trey Gowdy ( ) begins by reading back establishment media reports on “wiretapped communications” about Trump associates. Comey says he will not comment specifically on those leaks to reporters but says that, in general, leaks of classified material are a serious crime. 10:55 AM: Rogers reveals up to 20 people in his agency would have the authority to reveal the information that led to the leaks on Lieutenant Gen. Mike Flynn. Rogers says of Flynn being   leaked, 20 people (including himself) would have the ability to request unmasking #ComeyHearing,  —   Cassandra Fairbanks (@CassandraRules) March 20, 2017,  Rogers, re: leaking: ”I have raised this directly with my own workforce” over past several months.  —   Eric Geller (@ericgeller) March 20, 2017,  10:40 AM: Rep. Tom Rooney ( ) asks Adm. Rogers about the NSA’s information gathering practices, teeing up denials that the agency improperly collects or uses data regarding U. S. citizens. 10:36 AM: Nunes’s first question, to both witnesses, asks if U. S. intel community (IC) has information suggesting Russian interference changed vote tallies in swing states won by candidate Trump. Both respond “no. ”   being asked, state by state, if there is evidence of interference with election day vote tallies. Answer for all: No.  —   Michael Barbaro (@mikiebarb) March 20, 2017,  10:32 AM: Comey statement confirms that the FBI is investigating Russian interference into the election including links to members of the Trump campaign. He says the investigation could lead to criminal charges but he will not comment any further. Comey: I’ve been authorized by DOJ 2 confirm that FBI investigatng Russian govt influence on elections, incl any links btw Russia  campaign,  —   Kristina Wong (@kristina_wong) March 20, 2017,  10:31 AM: Rogers assures the committee that the NSA is properly protecting the privacy of the information it gathers. NSA’s Adm. Rogers taking a moment to defend NSA protection of Americans’ privacy.  —   Jenna McLaughlin (@JennaMC_Laugh) March 20, 2017,  10:27 AM: NSA Director Admiral Michael Rogers says that nothing has changed from its January assessment of Russian hacking and the classified information used for that assessment will not be revealed in this open hearing. Adm Rogers on intel assessment into Russia released in January ”We stand by it as issued”  —   Zeke Miller (@ZekeJMiller) March 20, 2017,  10:25 AM:  . @RepAdamSchiff starts the #ComeyHearing with a statement that quotes the discredited, disgusting Russia ”dossier.” This is already a parody,  —   Joel B. Pollak (@joelpollak) March 20, 2017,  Apparently, according to @RepAdamSchiff, @BreitbartNews is part of the *GLOBAL RUSSIAN CONSPIRACY*. Fitting for tin foil hat this afternoon.  —   Joel B. Pollak (@joelpollak) March 20, 2017,  . @RepAdamSchiff cites false report GOP platform was changed to help Russians. @ByronYork debunked. Does Schiff read? https:  .   —   Joel B. Pollak (@joelpollak) March 20, 2017,  Key but inconclusive point from Schiff: it is possible these events are unrelated, possible they’re not. ”We simply don’t know.”  —   Cordelia Lynch (@CordeliaSkyNews) March 20, 2017,  Schiff calling for independent commission because Congress doesn’t have   to appropriately investigate,  —   Teresa Welsh (@tmawelsh) March 20, 2017,  10:23 AM: “Pro” journalists speculating that Schiff’s liberal use of the Steele dossier means that U. S. intel corroborates it. I wondered the same https:  .   —   Bradd Jaffy (@BraddJaffy) March 20, 2017,  10:22 AM: Schiff now asking “is it a coincidence” that Sen. Jeff Sessions saw a Russian ambassador in his duties as a U. S. Senator. 10:17 AM: Schiff is now credulously recapping the allegations from British spy Christopher Steele in the infamous “dossier” published by BuzzFeed. Schiff quoting from the Steele dossier quite liberally now  —   already putting UK intelligence community centre frame at House intel hearing,  —   Sam Gad Jones (@samgadjones) March 20, 2017,  10:14 AM: Schiff suggests that the individuals testifying today may not confirm in an open hearing whether there is an FBI investigation into Trump or his associates. 10:09 AM: Rep. Adam Schiff ( ) says the conclusion that the Russian government was the source of Wikileaks’ releases on the DNC and the Clinton campaign is not disputed. “Russia successfully meddled in our democracy,” Schiff says,  —   Michael Tackett (@tackettdc) March 20, 2017,  Schiff on what he said is most important q we don’t have answer to: ”We do not yet know whether the Russians had the help of US citizens.”  —   Lissandra Villa (@LissandraVilla) March 20, 2017,  10:08 AM: Nunes says there is no evidence of a “physical wiretap” of Trump Tower but remains open to the possibility of other types of surveillance against the Trump campaign and its associates. . @DevinNunes: We know there was not a physical wiretap on Trump Tower. ( ) #ComeyHearing,  —   Kristina Wong (@kristina_wong) March 20, 2017,  . @DevinNunes: However, it’s still possible that other surveillance activities were used against President Trump and his associates. ( )  —   Kristina Wong (@kristina_wong) March 20, 2017,  10:06 AM: Rep. Devin Nunes ( ) begins with a statement recounting Russia’s aggression, propaganda efforts, and interference in foreign elections. Says Obama admin “routinely ignored” warnings from Congress about these risks in hopes of foreign policy “reset. ” 10:03 AM: All parties are present and Comey begins his  . Here! Comes! Comey! pic. twitter.   —   Cameron Joseph (@cam_joseph) March 20, 2017, "
"Rep. Ted Lieu ( ) who represents Hollywood and the West Side of Los Angeles, has announced that he will boycott the inauguration of   Donald Trump on Friday. [Lieu joins several other California Democrats who cannot stomach the democratic transition of power, or indeed the Constitution to which he swore an oath earlier this month. But his excuses for skipping the ceremony  —   a rare moment of national unity  —   are even stranger.  In a statement released Saturday, Lieu lists a litany of complaints against Trump, including his “global business holdings”  —   an odd complaint, given that Hillary Clinton’s overseas foundation donors did not dissuade him from supporting her. Lieu goes on to describe the choice as between Trump and Rep. John Lewis ( ) a civil rights icon who has morphed in recent years into a partisan hack: “I respect Members of Congress who choose to attend the Inauguration of   Donald Trump or choose not to, just as I respect Members of Congress who attended or did not attend the two Inaugurations of President Barack Obama. I view this as a personal decision because no votes are being taken and no policies will be enacted at this ceremony. While I do not dispute that Trump won the Electoral College, I cannot normalize his behavior or the disparaging and   statements he has made. ” “Trump —  who lost the popular vote —  has made a series of racist, sexist and bigoted statements. In addition, he has attacked Gold Star parents, veterans such as John McCain and now civil rights icon John Lewis. ” “Trump has made statements denigrating the patriotic and professional men and women of our intelligence services, many of whom risk their lives in service to our nation. He also continues to believe Vladimir Putin over our intelligence services and is actively misleading the American people when he denies Putin ordered a brazen, multifaceted cyberattack on America to benefit Trump. ” “On January 20, Trump will be in violation of Article 1, Section 9 of the Constitution because of the massive conflicts of interests he has with his global business holdings. That provision of the Constitution was designed to prevent foreign influence over American elected officials. Trump can cure this Constitutional defect by divesting his holdings or putting them into a blind trust, but so far has been unwilling to do so. “ “Can a man such as Trump have a good idea? The answer is yes. And if the next Administration has a good policy, such as withdrawing from the flawed   Partnership, I will support it. But if Trump has unconstitutional or bad ideas, such as creating a registry based on religion or gutting Social Security and Medicare, I will oppose them. ” “I can only hope that Trump will govern differently than he has campaigned. For me, the personal decision not to attend Inauguration is quite simple: Do I stand with Donald Trump, or do I stand with John Lewis? I am standing with John Lewis. ” In 2008, Rep. Lewis falsely accused Sen. McCain  —   whose honor Rep. Lieu claims to be defending  —   by accusing him of racism, an insult for which McCain never forgave him.  Some folks say I’m disrespecting @realDonaldTrump by boycotting inauguration. That’s right. I will not normalize Trump. #StandWithJohnLewis,  —   Ted Lieu (@tedlieu) January 15, 2017,   In 2010, Rep. Lewis falsely accused the Tea Party of using the “ ” against Democrats during an   rally on Capitol Hill. In 2016, he accused Trump of being like George Wallace, a segregationist Democrat who governed Alabama during the Jim Crow era. And last week, he accused Trump of being “illegitimate” because of a “conspiracy” by Russia. Joel B. Pollak is Senior    at Breitbart News. He was named one of the “most influential” people in news media in 2016. His new book, How Trump Won: The Inside Story of a Revolution, is available from Regnery. Follow him on Twitter at @joelpollak."
"Americans for Limited Government President Rick Manning says that Health and Human Services Secretary Tom Price is wrong to say that a full Obamacare repeal would put “vulnerable people at risk. ”[Tom Price argued Sunday that a clean repeal of Obamacare would put “vulnerable people at risk. ” He explained, “What that does is place vulnerable people at risk, and that’s not something that the president’s willing to do, it’s not something that he said he would do. ”  Manning released a statement opposing Speaker Ryan’s partial repeal of Obamacare bill, also known as “RyanCare. ” Manning argued that the bill will likely not survive conservative opposition in Congress. He said in the statement: Given the current impasse, Americans for Limited Government urges the House to scrap the current proposal and to keep their word and pass a repeal bill that respects the states and voters who elected a GOP majority, ensuring that the people are not forced into costly federal government mandated health plans. Then, the Senate will be free to pass that, or modify it. Breitbart News spoke with Manning about his thoughts on Speaker Ryan’s American Health Care Act. Manning explained that Speaker Ryan’s   bill does not fully repeal Obamacare. He said: The people would still have to purchase Obamacare’s bronze, silver, gold, and platinum plans. It doesn’t repeal the Cadillac tax and the individual mandate for individuals to purchase health insurance. It leaves most of Obamacare in place. It retains many of Obamacare’s regulations. A future Democrat administration can just restore Obamacare with a slightly different premise, meaning that we’ve effectively accomplished nothing. Breitbart News asked Manning if Secretary Price was wrong to say that a full repeal would put vulnerable people at risk. Manning remarked, “Tom Price voted for a full repeal in 2015, and he voted for a full repeal on multiple occasions. He is either wrong then or wrong now. I suspect that he’s wrong now. ” The Congressional Budget Office’s analysis claims that the Ryan bill to partially repeal Obamacare would insure fewer people than a full repeal. Manning thinks that a full repeal would is far better than partial repeal and that Republicans need a comprehensive free market reform of health care beyond Obamacare. He said: We need to do a full repeal and then replace and create a system that allows for across state lines, and expand HSAs, or Health Savings Accounts. Moreover, then we need to block grant Medicaid to the states. This way we can have a system that is flexible for the states, not the one size fits all federal system that we have now. Breitbart News asked the Americans for Limited Government president what would happen if the Republicans end up passing the RyanCare bill. Manning said, “I think that Republicans will lose the House, and the truth is it would be devastating for Trump’s brand. I believe that all of the problems with RyanCare would be thrown on Trump’s back. ” Manning says he believes an avenue already exists to repeal Obamacare fully. “The argument is that we can only fully repeal Obamacare once we have 60 votes in the Senate, but that’s not true. All they need to do is rebuke the Senate parliamentarian with a 51 person majority, establish that a full repeal can be placed into reconciliation. Republicans have never had enough votes to override the filibuster. There will always be an excuse for why we can’t move forward with the conservative option. They’re not willing to do what is right. Let’s get this right. It’s too important to fail,” Manning concluded."
"YouTube CEO Susan Wojcicki apologized to major advertisers last Thursday for not dealing with “offensive” content on the platform. [“The last couple weeks have been challenging for some of you,” said Wojcicki during an   presentation. “I want you to know that we have taken your feedback to heart. We work hard every day to earn our advertisers’ and agencies’ trust. We apologize for letting some of you down. We can, and we will, do better. ”  In March, YouTube pledged to crack down on “offensive” and “extremist” content on the platform after hundreds of large advertisers withdrew from the site. Companies such as ATT, Verizon, Johnson  Johnson, The BBC, The Guardian, Channel 4, Toyota, McDonald’s, and even the British Government all withdrew adverts from   sites, including YouTube, claiming to be “deeply concerned” about their ads appearing alongside content on YouTube promoting “hate. ” Google also took heat from the UK Home Affairs Select Committee in March, which claimed the company was being too “soft” on “hate speech. ” Since the numerous incidents, Google has launched a series of “hate speech” workshops for teenagers in the U. K. tweaked their search engine to combat “offensive” content, and even trained computers to become offended in an effort to keep ads off of objectionable content. YouTube also faced several changes, which may have inadvertently caused even more problems. In March, dozens of YouTube’s top content creators complained that their videos were starting to be demonetized as a result of the platform’s new   rules. The new guidelines imposed by the site meant that content creators who repeatedly used swear words, adult comedy, or delved into controversial subjects such as religion and politics started to make a fraction of the money they made before. Some content creators announced their departure from the platform in response, moving to sites such as Patreon to replace their income. Charlie Nash is a reporter for Breitbart Tech. You can follow him on Twitter @MrNashington or like his page at Facebook."
"The protracted public relations campaign on behalf of a  . S. citizen found to have voted illegally in north Texas continued over the weekend pages of The New York Times. [Legal and media allies of likely future deportee Rosa Maria Ortega, 37, of Grand Prairie continue to press the public on the inherent unfairness of a Texas law stating that voting when not eligible is a class 2 felony. As Breitbart Texas previously reported, Ortega was indicted in 2015 after attempting multiple times to register to vote in Tarrant County after casting ballots as a Dallas resident in the years prior. When told by Tarrant election officials that she could not qualify for registration as a green card holder, she then claimed to be a citizen in a subsequent attempt —  creating suspicion and a criminal investigation thereafter. Ortega was convicted of illegally voting in 2012 and 2014 and was sentenced to eight years in prison with deportation likely to follow.  The Times lent a friendly ear to Ortega over the weekend, noting that the junior high dropout continues to share her unhappiness with the proceedings: Her punishment may be unprecedented for an offense that often draws a minimal sentence or probation. Ms. Ortega, who has a   education and a sometimes shaky grasp on the complexities of her life, has steadfastly insisted that she did not know she was violating the law  —   that she is being imprisoned and probably deported for the crime of being confused. The article later summarizes Ortega’s attorney Domingo Garcia’s outrage by casting doubts on whether the Texas county that originally accepted the “affluenza” defense in a fatal   crash could fairly handle the voter fraud case. The puff piece then conflates different legal issues to paint Texas as discriminatory toward Hispanic voters: Ms. Ortega’s lawyers are casting her as a scapegoat. The case, they say, was manufactured to prop up Mr. Trump’s baseless   claims and an   law by the   Texas Legislature that tightens qualifications for voting. Federal courts have ruled that the latest version of that law discriminates against Latinos and other groups that tend to favor Democratic candidates. It is unclear if the author’s reference to an “  law   …     that tightens qualifications for voting” is the same law that Ortega was convicted of violating. Regardless, it has not had a discriminatory finding leveled against it by a federal court —  let alone challenged. The Times makes considerable effort to paint Ortega as a   resident who wants to make her voice heard, yet is sometimes confused by the complications of modern life in so doing. Even if that is true, the paper fails to note the multiple reminders of the law she faced when making her voter registration attempts. Regardless of whether she used a form printed by the State of Texas or the federal government, prospective voters are not asked if they believe they are eligible participate. Rather, they are asked binary questions under penalty of perjury that inform them further on whether to complete the application. Ortega answered “YES” multiple times to the question, “Are you a United States Citizen?” despite being a green card holder. The New York paper begrudgingly admits that Ortega’s hopes for leniency rest on shaky ground at best, noting that deportation back to Mexico will be a likely next step after her sentences are served. The Times does, however, see some slivers of victory in the form of public relations outreach: In the court of public opinion, they have had some success. Ms. Ortega’s conviction has drawn an outcry in editorials and from advocacy groups. Supporters contributed several thousand dollars to an online   aimed at supporting her family while she was imprisoned. Ortega’s story fits into a larger effort among   interest groups to take their fight against voter identification laws and the like to the court of public opinion, where if recent polling is suggestive of a larger trend, they are clearly underwater.   and former   super PACs have adopted missions to win “the public debate over voter suppression in the United States. ” It remains to be seen if previous postures claiming voter fraud is a nonexistent problem will shift to such crimes being excusable as criminal cases continue to mount. As an example, a columnist for the Fort Worth   wondered aloud if Ortega’s case proved that Texas’ laws were “too mean. ” Had Texas used a system that verified claims of citizenship during voter registration, the Mexican national could have been prevented from illegally voting altogether. Breitbart Texas reported at the time of Ortega’s sentencing on the legislation working though Austin: The Ortega case has been prosecuted amid legislative activity in states like Texas and Virginia, which are actively pursuing legal reforms that would require individuals seeking to become registered voters to prove U. S. citizenship as a prerequisite. In Austin, House Bill 1079, authored by Rep. Mike Schofield ( ) and SB 136, submitted by Sen. Van Taylor ( ) would require election clerks to verify citizenship with documents such as passports, birth certificates, and naturalization forms. The Public Interest Legal Foundation recently released a report documenting more than 1, 000 cases of voters being removed from Virginia’s rolls for reasons related to citizen eligibility. Similar legislation is under consideration in that state as well. Only one state, Kansas, currently requires prospective voters to prove citizenship. The Times closed with an ironic twist: “By registering and voting, [Ortega’s attorney] said, Ms. Ortega hoped to give her children a course in citizenship. ” Logan Churchwell is a founding editor of the Breitbart Texas team. You can follow him on Twitter @LCChurchwell. He also serves as the communications director for the Public Interest Legal Foundation."
"In today’s world of a Donald Trump presidency in which any actions he undertakes, regardless of its logical rational, becomes a topic of criticism by his political opponents, we must look at two of his decisions  —   independent of the tainted lenses through which critics choose to view them  —   made concerning Syria. [The first, following chemical weapons usage by President Bashar Assad’s regime against his own people, involved Tomahawk missile strikes against the airfield from which the aircraft laden with those weapons of mass destruction (WMD) operated.  Pundits like to claim that presidential candidate Trump declared in 2013 that we should not intervene in Syria and, therefore, his missile attack is hypocritical. Such pundits take an unrealistic view of a world arena in which a nation’s actions one day may not warrant a U. S. offensive response but, the next day, very well may. Assad’s chemical attack clearly fell into this category for several reasons: it was a war crime it involved complicity by the Russians and President Barack Obama, who both knew such weapons remained in Syria’s inventory despite their assertions otherwise and it demonstrated, by the attack’s brutality against his own people, of what Assad is capable. Fortunately for his Middle East neighbors, Assad today is denied a nuclear option with which to threaten them. Pundits undoubtedly have forgotten that Iran and its nuclear and missile research RD puppet, North Korea, were collaborating on building a nuclear facility in Syria until 2007, when Israeli aircraft put an end to that effort by destroying it. A dictator fully capable of employing WMDs against his own people would not hesitate to use them against others. The second decision we need examine is Trump’s announcement U. S. ground troops would not be sent into Syria. This, too, is logical, based not only on the realities of what such forces would face on the ground today in Syria, but also the realities of a war we earlier lost in Vietnam. As one looks at the players involved in Syria today, it becomes apparent all is not black and white. While our main interests in Syria lie in stabilization and protecting its civilian population, the vast majority of whom are Sunni Muslim, we are hampered by Assad, of the minority Alawite Muslim sect, and his cronies in Tehran, who are Shiite Muslims. It was the large Sunni Syrian population that initially rose up against Assad due to his brutal reign, causing the dictator to put down those protests. While the U. S. initially saw its interests achieved only with the removal of Assad from power, American officials later said they would accept his leadership if elected. This chemical attack against his people has more recently underscored the need to dethrone him. Today, we support “moderate” Muslim Sunni groups against Assad, which we may well find tomorrow are not so friendly. It must be kept in mind our interests are directly opposed by Iran’s which, contrarily, lie in keeping Assad in power so as to continue with the expansion of the regional Shiite caliphate on which its mullahs remain focused. This caliphate, to date, has targeted   majority Lebanon, where Iran’s terrorist proxy, Hezbollah, is active   Iraq, which only fought an   war ( ) with Tehran because its leader, Saddam Hussein, was Sunni Libya, where various factions vie for full power Yemen, where a once obscure rebel group known as Houthis, who are Shiites, rebelled against the government. Obviously included in Iran’s caliphate equation is Syria. (Iran will eventually look to bring another Shiite majority state, Azerbaijan, into the caliphate fold but, right now, has its hands full in these other countries). Also noteworthy is that Iran and Russia are working together to undermine U. S. interests in   Afghanistan. During the Vietnam war, while the U. S. poured ground forces into the country to stem the flow of Hanoi’s efforts to take control of the country, we were confronted with powers in that region having contrary interests that proved able to draw the conflict out, engaging us in what was then our longest war. Countries like China and Russia achieved this by providing Hanoi with an unlimited supply of equipment, vehicles,    missile launchers, arms, ammunition, etc. Similarly, Iran today provides its proxy forces with these assets which, were there to be U. S. ground forces committed to Syria, would drastically increase. The leader of the North Vietnamese Army, General Nguyen Giap, prided himself in conducting a war against America not involving major confrontations of massive armies but, rather, numerous limited smaller unit engagements the Chinese call “lingchi” or “death of a thousand cuts” to bleed America dry and into withdrawing. This would also be Iran’s modus operandi against U. S. ground forces. Interestingly, it has been aided in supplying its proxies today with war material by Obama’s administration which, as part of its nuclear deal with the mullahs, gave them billions of dollars in cash to continue their violent regional activities. There is another factor distinguishing the Vietnam war from the turmoil in Syria if U. S. ground forces were to be involved. While China and Russia’s interests opposed America’s in Vietnam, U. S. ground forces never confronted the ground forces of any other nation state as Hanoi was fully committed to providing its own manpower to do so. In Syria, Iran already has its own ground forces actively involved, such as the Islamic Revolutionary Guard Corps, thus making a direct confrontation with our main adversary much more likely. During the early 1960s, several military advisors informed Presidents John F. Kennedy and Lyndon Johnson Vietnam was not the right place at the right time to confront communist aggression. However, if the U. S. were to get involved in Vietnam, it should go in “air heavy” and “ground light. ” This advice is just as sound today for a   battlefield situated thousands of miles away from Vietnam where   aggression has again reared its ugly head. With his announcement not to commit U. S. ground forces to Syria, President Trump has made the right decision at the right time. Lt. Colonel James G. Zumwalt, USMC (Ret.) is a retired Marine infantry officer who served in the Vietnam war, the U. S. invasion of Panama and the first Gulf war. He is the author of “Bare Feet, Iron Will —  Stories from the Other Side of Vietnam’s Battlefields,” “Living the Juche Lie: North Korea’s Kim Dynasty” and “Doomsday: Iran —  The Clock is Ticking. ” He frequently writes on foreign policy and defense issues."
"Four Chicago suspects pled not guilty on Friday to several charges related to kidnapping and torturing a young schizophrenic man, which they allegedly broadcast on Facebook Live. [According to the Chicago   public defenders for Brittany Covington, 18, Tesfaye Cooper, 18, Jordan Hill, 18, and Tanishia Covington, 24, entered not guilty pleas during their arraignment.  All four suspects are charged with hate crimes, aggravated kidnapping, aggravated unlawful restraint, and aggravated battery with a deadly weapon. Three are also charged with residential burglary. One offender faces robbery charges, along with the possession of a stolen motor vehicle. The video played on Facebook Live showed a bound and gagged white victim huddled in a corner while assailants are heard saying “Fuck white people” and “Fuck Donald Trump” as they beat him and cut his scalp with a knife. Another video clip shows assailants forcing the victim to drink toilet water. The suspects are due back in court March 1. Previous coverage of the case and the national reaction to it can be found here."
"President Donald Trump signaled his eagerness to make dramatic trade deals during a rally in Kentucky on Monday. [“We’re going to be doing some trade deals as soon as we get the health care finished. Oh, I’m looking forward to these trade deals,” Trump said. “There is going to be no ambiguity. ”  The president specified that he would pursue “reciprocal” trade deals with foreign countries, charging them similar import taxes as they charged the United States. Trump described NAFTA as “the worst trade deal ever made by any country I think in the world,” pointing out that since then, America lost   of its manufacturing jobs. “Don’t worry, we are starting on NAFTA very soon,” he promised. He hinted that more car companies would build more factories in Michigan, Ohio, and Kentucky. “It is not going to happen, not going to happen anymore, Kentucky, remember that, okay?” Trump said with a grin. “You just worry about your basketball team. I will take care of the rest. ” The president repeatedly cited the political legacy of former Kentucky legislator Henry Clay, particularly on trade. “Clay said that trade must be fair, equal, and reciprocal,” Trump said. “Boom. ”"
"The same media that slavishly ignored the alleged rape of a    girl by two illegal immigrants in Rockville, Maryland, spent last week crowing about the prosecutor’s refusal to bring charges. [(Please be advised that some of the language in this column may be offensive to readers.)    It turns out that illegal aliens   a    girl in a bathroom stall is not a statutory rape because   …     the girl had previously sent one of her assailants prurient text messages. Somebody better tell the college campuses. Columbia University’s Mattress Girl, Emma Sulkowicz, became an international cause celebre after alleging rape against a fellow student to whom she’d sent dozens of desperate and salacious messages  —   including, most memorably, “f —  k me in the butt,” and “I wuv you so much. ” She’d also had consensual sex with him several times, only one of which she deemed “rape. ” Sulkowicz’s “f —  k me in the butt” texts were no impediment to her becoming the face of silenced rape victims on campus. She was sympathetically profiled everywhere Sen. Kirsten Gillibrand invited her to Obama’s 2015 State of the Union address and she dragged a mattress around campus with her as her senior thesis project   …     “  …     a succinct and powerful performance piece   …    ”  —   The New York Times, “  …     like ‘The Vagina Monologues,’ only more subtle   …    ”  —   Ann Coulter, In its lavish coverage of our brave   heroine, the Times reminded readers: “False reports of rape are rare, many experts say. ” In fact, according to the FBI, there are more false rape claims than false reports of any other crime. That’s why normal people like to look at the facts. For example, how long did it take the alleged victim to report the rape? How sophisticated is she? Is the story plausible? Did the accuser have any other motive to cry rape? And is there any record of her begging the suspect to sodomize her? Mattress Girl waited seven months to report her rape  —   even then, only to college administrators, not the police. In the intervening months, she strenuously, albeit unsuccessfully, pursued a relationship with her alleged rapist. Rolling Stone’s “Jackie” never reported her apocryphal rape, explaining to The Washington Post that after allegedly being violently   she was “unaware of the resources available to her. ” (Heard of 911?) By contrast, the    girl in Maryland emerged from the bathroom stall and immediately reported her rape to the police. According to the police report, she had run into her friend,    Jose Montano, and his friend,    Henry   in a school hallway. (The   and    are both in the 9th grade. We really are getting the best illegal immigrants!) She knew Montano, but not  . Montano hugged her, slapped her buttocks and asked her to have sex with both men. She says she said no  —   something generally missing from the corpus of cases making up the “campus rape epidemic. ” Montano and   then forced her into a boys’ bathroom, according to the report, where she grabbed the bathroom sink to stop them from dragging her into a stall, repeatedly saying “no. ” In the stall, the illegals took turns holding her down, as they penetrated her orally, vaginally and anally. As she was screaming, they yelled at one another in Spanish. Although there was no hard evidence, like the victim dragging a mattress around for a year, police investigators did find blood and semen in the bathroom stall. If even one story on the left’s via dolorosa of campus rape had allegations like these, the accuser would be on a postage stamp, have laws named after her, and she’d be the one giving the State of the Union address. She’d be having lunch with Lena Dunham, Emma Watson would play her in the movie, and Lady Gaga would write a song about her. Instead, because the accused rapists (“Dreamers,” as I call them) are illegal aliens, the media want to submit their names for sainthood. The prosecutor, Montgomery County State’s Attorney John McCarthy, wants to know how short the   ’s skirt was. McCarthy dropped rape charges against both suspects, reportedly on the grounds that the girl had previously sent nude photos of herself to Montano. This, the prosecutor interpreted as consent to have   sex in a bathroom stall with him, as well as any of his friends. Can we get the     rule written into college guidelines on sexual assault? However risque her texts were, can’t a girl change her mind? Evidently, she thought it was rape when she emerged from the bathroom, inasmuch as she promptly notified authorities. Isn’t it possible she also thought it was rape as it was happening, an hour or so earlier? Mattress Girl was old enough to attend college, vote and buy a mattress, but it was rude to mention her text requests for anal sex and previous romps with the alleged rapist. Only when the accused is an illegal do the victim’s   texts become binding consent to all forms of sex with the illegal  —   plus his friends. There’s also the fact that she’s 14 years old! Her alleged rapists are 17 and 18. Under about 700 years of   law, that’s statutory rape. (Statute of Westminster of 1275.) Apparently, diversity  —   in addition to being a “strength”  —   requires us to jettison our statutory rape laws. This is the case the media are howling with glee about  —   demanding that President Trump apologize for even mentioning it. The New York Times and Washington Post both editorialized about Trump’s “reflexive  ”   —   after first telling their readers about the alleged rape that neither paper had bothered reporting when it happened. CNN  —   which also didn’t mention the Rockville case until charges were dropped  —   is in a state of high dudgeon at Trump for citing the rape. Erin Burnett announced: “Tonight, the White House not backing down, refusing to retract its comments on an alleged rape case used  —   that they used as an example of why the United States should crack down on illegal immigration. ” Correspondent Ryan Nobles raged that White House Press Secretary Sean Spicer referred to what happened to the    girl as “tragedies like this. ” “Tragedies!” This milquetoast, boring American girl got to experience diversity, up close  —   vaginally, anally and orally  —   AND THE WHITE HOUSE PRESS SECRETARY CALLS THAT A “TRAGEDY”? In multicultural America, sexually active college coeds are treated like naive    girls, while naive    girls are treated like hardened hussies  —   depending on who the accused rapist is. A “frat boy,” an athlete (black or white) or a white male: Always guilty, no due process allowed. Illegal aliens: She was asking for it."
"The Trump administration has announced it will end the public release of White House visitor logs, bringing an end to a policy introduced during the Barack Obama presidency. [In a statement from their communications director, Michael Dubke, the White House claimed the logs presented “grave national security risks and privacy concerns,” adding that stopping their release was the only way Trump could confer with advisers “with some discretion. ”  “By instituting historic restrictions on lobbying to close the revolving door, expanding and elevating ethics within the White House Counsel’s office, and opening the White House press briefing room to media outlets that otherwise cannot gain access, the Trump administration has broken new ground in ensuring our government is both ethical and accessible to the American people,” the statement continued. From now on, only certain logs will be available through freedom of information requests, such as in the Office of Management and Budget. However, visits to the president and White House senior staff will not be logged. The decision to end the logs release is predicated on a 2013 federal appeals court ruling that excludes the logs from the Freedom of Information Act on the grounds they could contain sensitive information. Earlier this week, three separate organizations, (National Security Archive, Citizens for Responsibility and Ethics in Washington (CREW) and the Knight First Amendment Institute at Columbia University) filed a lawsuit against the administration for failing to release their logs, with CREW’s executive director Noah Bookbinder arguing that they “provide indispensable information about who is seeking to influence the president. ” Under Barack Obama, over six million White House visits were recorded, as part of his attempt to run “the most transparent administration in history,” and are currently maintained by the secret service. However, certain events were withheld from the logs, including visits from celebrities and   donors, which a senior White House official described as an attempt to “create more of a façade of transparency rather than complete transparency. ” You can follow Ben Kew on Facebook, on Twitter at @ben_kew, or email him at bkew@breitbart. com"
"After a week of addressing speculation that he might challenge Donald Trump for the presidency in 2020, actor Dwayne Johnson went ahead and made it official in his monologue during the 42nd season finale of Saturday Night Live. [Well, sort of.  The Baywatch star and former wrestler welcomed fellow   SNL host Tom Hanks to the stage during his monologue, where the two jokingly revealed their plans to share a ticket in 2020, with Johnson quipping that he was perhaps “too qualified” for the job. “Together, we would get 100 percent of the vote. I would get the senior vote, because I fought in World War II  …     in like ten different movies,” Hanks joked. “And I of course would get the minority vote,” added Johnson. “Because everyone just assumes, I’m, well, whatever they are. ” Hanks and Johnson then practiced looking directly into the camera to reassure Americans during times of crisis, with Johnson promising he would remain poised if an earthquake threatened to separate California from the rest of the country, a reference to his role in the 2015 disaster film San Andreas. “Dammit, if I don’t get down to that fault line and detonate the warhead the entire state is going to sink,” Johnson deadpanned. “Fuel up the submarine and tell the Secret Service to pack my trunks. The president’s going for a swim. ” Johnson then revealed that the pair’s White House ambitions were a joke, before adding in a shot at Trump without mentioning his name. “When it comes to politics, we need more poise and less noise. Americans deserve strong capable leaders, leaders who care about this country and care about its people,” he said. Johnson revealed his political aspirations in an interview with GQ this month, telling the magazine he saw a run for the presidency as a “real possibility. ” “A year ago, it started coming up more and more,” the actor  —   known as The Rock in his wresting days  —   told the outlet.  “There was a real sense of earnestness, which made me go home and think ‘Let me really rethink my answer and make sure I am giving an answer that is truthful and also respectful. ’” Johnson fueled speculation about his future plans in subsequent appearances on The Tonight Show with Jimmy Fallon and on Good Morning America this week. The actor said he believes being president is within his “skill set. ” Saturday night’s show capped the 42nd season of Saturday Night Live and marked the final show for departing longtime cast members Bobby Moynihan and Vanessa Bayer. Watch Johnson’s monologue above.   Follow Daniel Nussbaum on Twitter: @dznussbaum"
"Thursday in Washington D. C. TMZ caught up with former House Speaker Newt Gingrich and asked him about CNN reporter Jim Acosta repeatedly shouting questions at   Donald Trump during his Wednesday press conference.  Gingrich said, “The reporter was an idiot. Trump pointed out he was an idiot. Most people in the country thought he was an idiot. I thought from Trump’s standpoint it was fine. ” He added, “I’m hoping Spicer will simple ban Acosta for 60 days, like hockey were you bench somebody. Acosta needs to be benched for a couple of weeks. ” Follow Pam Key on Twitter @pamkeyNEN"
"Michael Moore sounded a dire warning on his social media accounts Tuesday, exclaiming that March 28, 2017 would be remembered as the day President Donald Trump caused the beginning of the   extinction of humanity. [In a post to his Facebook page, the    documentary filmmaker and liberal activist accused Trump of declaring “war on the planet” after the president signed an executive order Tuesday rolling back several key   regulations concerning energy production.  “Historians in the near future (because that may be the only future we have) will mark today, March 28, 2017, as the day the extinction of human life on earth began,” Moore wrote on his Facebook page. “This is a defining moment in the history of mankind. By signing these executive orders today, Trump is declaring an act of war on the planet and its inhabitants,” he continued. “The one silver lining here is that Trump can’t kill the planet the planet wants to live and has a long history of wiping out any real or perceived threats. ” The filmmaker also warned that the planet was “paying attention”  —   and would itself dispose of a species “  on destroying Earth. ” In a statement Tuesday after signing the executive order, Trump said his administration was “putting an end to the war on coal. ” The president was joined at the signing by EPA administrator Scott Pruitt, Energy Secretary Rick Perry, Interior Secretary Ryan Zinke and Vice President Mike Pence. “We’re going to have safety, we’re going to have clean water, we’re going to have clean air, but so many are unnecessary and so many are job killing, we’re getting rid of the bad ones,” Trump said. Moore  —   who released a surprise   documentary shortly before the 2016 election  —   has become one of the president’s most outspoken celebrity critics. The director has used his social media accounts nearly daily to criticize Trump and comment on political news. In January, Moore vowed to lead “100 days of resistance” against the Trump administration. Over the weekend, Moore blasted the ultimately unsuccessful GOP bill to repeal the Affordable Care Act, calling the effort “ ” and “hateful. ” Last week, he urged Democratic Party to declare a “national emergency” until the FBI could investigate alleged connections between Trump campaign staffers and the Russian government.   Follow Daniel Nussbaum on Twitter: @dznussbaum"
"MONTERREY, Nuevo Leon  —   A group of cartel members stealing fuel from an underground line blew themselves up, setting off a large fire that injured two firefighters and one abandoned thief. [The fiery explosion took place in the rural community of Los Ramones near the Monterrey metropolitan area, information provided to Breitbart Texas by Nuevo Leon rescue personnel revealed. Under the cover of darkness, cartel members tried to tap into the fuel lines used by Mexico’s   oil company to move diesel and gasoline.  While tapping into the line, the cartel members caused an explosion that set of a large blaze. Emergency personnel responded to a call of a nude man with second and   burns to 95 percent of his body, Nuevo Leon emergency personnel said. The man was not near the scene of the fire and appeared to have been left behind.  First responders were battling the blaze outside the city when a second explosion injured two firefighters. Eventually, emergency crews were able to extinguish the flames. A photograph from the scene appears to show a human hand. Law enforcement officials have not officially confirmed nor denied if the remain is human and if it belonged to one of the cartel members. As Breitbart Texas reported, drug cartels continue to rely on the theft of fuel as one of their main sources of revenue. A Nuevo Leon law enforcement official revealed that cartel members were using a truck with nine containers, each able to hold 1, 000 liters or approximately 250 gallons. The source revealed that in some regions, the money from the illegal sale of stolen fuel rivals the income generated by drug trafficking.  Editor’s Note: Breitbart Texas traveled to the Mexican States of Tamaulipas, Coahuila, and Nuevo León to recruit citizen journalists willing to risk their lives and expose the cartels silencing their communities.  The writers would face certain death at the hands of the various cartels that operate in those areas including the Gulf Cartel and Los Zetas if a pseudonym were not used. Breitbart Texas’ Cartel Chronicles are published in both English and in their original Spanish. This article was written by Tony Aranda from Monterrey, Nuevo León."
"Border Patrol officials in the Rio Grande Valley Sector report that their agents arrested more than 100 previously deported sex offenders that illegally   the U. S. Agents arrested two during a   period in separate locations in the sector on Wednesday. [Rio Grande Sector Spokesperson Melissa Ash responded to an inquiry from Breitbart Texas as to how many previously deported sex offenders their agents arrested in their sector during Fiscal Year 2017 which began on October 1, 2016. She responded on Friday that as of March 13, agents apprehended 99 previously deported sex offenders. Since that time, agents arrested at least two more sex offenders after they illegally crossed from Mexico.  On Wednesday morning, Border Patrol agents assigned to the Mobile Response Team working in Brooks County (Falfurrias) apprehended a Mexican national. After taking the suspect to the Falfurrias Station, a records check revealed a criminal history that includes a charge in 2007 for Aggravated Sexual Assault, Supervisory Border Patrol Agent Marlene Castro reported in a statement obtained by Breitbart Texas. He is being processed for prosecution on a charge of illegal   after being deported as a sex offender. About an hour later, McAllen Border Patrol agents working near Sullivan City, Texas, arrested a man from Guatemala. The Guatemalan national has a criminal history that includes Aggravated Sexual Battery. Castro reported the Guatemalan faced this charge in 2007. The Rio Grande Valley Sector reported the arrest of 1, 100 criminal aliens since the beginning of Fiscal Year 2017. These numbers come from arrests made in the McAllen and Falfurrias Stations. Nearly ten percent of those arrests are violent sex offenders, Other Border Patrol Sectors reported frequent arrests of previously deported sex offenders. These individuals are often a danger to the public due to the possibility of repeated offenses against women and children. Just two weeks ago, agents from the Tucson Sector arrested    Rene   a previously deported criminal alien. A records check carried out by the agents revealed   has an extensive criminal history and prior deportations. His most recent deportation occurred just weeks before his March arrest. A court convicted the Mexican national in 1994 for raping a child. He received a   prison sentence. Authorities subsequently deported him to Mexico. Tucson Sector agents arrested two additional previously deported sex offenders about ten days later. Agents arrested Vicente   a previously deported sex offender from Mexico with a lengthy criminal history that includes a conviction for “felony assault to commit  ” in the state of California. One day later, Tucson agents arrested Jose Luis Cornejo Contreras, near Douglas, Arizona.  The Mexican national’s criminal history includes a conviction for having sexual intercourse with a minor in the state of California, CBP Spokesman Rob Daniels stated in a press release. His criminal record also includes numerous convictions for battery. Bob Price serves as associate editor and senior political news contributor for Breitbart Texas. He is a founding member of the Breitbart Texas team. Follow him on Twitter @BobPriceBBTX and Facebook."
"The Museum of Contemporary Art in Finland has debuted a    GIF, hoping to keep the exhibition going until 3017. [The exhibition, which was launched late last month, is titled As Long As Possible (ASLAP) and counts up from one to 48, 140, 288  —   displaying a new number frame ever ten minutes.   “[Creator Juhan] Van Ingen, admits that this is a very optimistic art work as it relies on future generations taking responsibility for it. However, he hopes this ‘small digital candle’ will shine for the next 1, 000 years,” reported The Next Web this week. “After the exhibition ends it will play in their archives for as long as possible  …     The ASLAP file will run simultaneously on several synchronised physical playback units at different locations. Also, if a unit happens to be destroyed in a major catastrophe, like war or natural disaster, a new physical unit will be built and synchronized with the others. ” “But wait, there’s more,” they continued. “In the case of all playback units being destroyed there’s a backup stowed away in a special time capsule. This capsule contains the original GIF, description of ASLAP, all the specification of GIF as a format, and even printed copies of the code to generate a new file. ” The exhibition also features several still images of the GIF at different points. In other art news, following Donald Trump’s election as President of the United States of America, actor Shia LaBeouf launched an art exhibit titled “He Will Not Divide Us” in protest. The exhibit, which consisted of a wall in New York City with a   livestreaming camera attached to it, where people could go and chant against Trump, was intended to last for four years. However, after four location changes due to   from Trump supporters, trolls from 4Chan, and violence from LaBeouf himself, the exhibit was closed down indefinitely just several months after its launch. In October, the Museum of Modern Art in New York City also added the world’s first set of emojis to their prestigious art collection, while in 2012, the museum added numerous revolutionary video game titles to their collection, choosing games which held an artistic significance. Charlie Nash is a reporter for Breitbart Tech. You can follow him on Twitter @MrNashington or like his page at Facebook.  "
"The Chicago Blackhawks’ Patrick Kane is receiving accolades from coast to coast after giving up his   airline seat to an American soldier who entered the plane in uniform. [The selfless act was reported by Teri Truss, a flight attendant for Envoy Air, who jumped to her Twitter account to report what she witnessed on a Thursday flight.  On May 10, Truss reported, “Patrick Kane from The BLACKHAWKS gave up his 1st Class seat to a SOLDIER  …    what a class act. ” Patrick Kane from The BLACKHAWKS gave up his 1st Class seat to a SOLDIER  …    what a class act  …     pic. twitter.   —   Teri Truss (@TeriTruss) May 11, 2017,  As the day rolled on, the tweet went viral and now has 16, 000 likes and over 4, 000  . “He said, ‘There’s a soldier on this flight,’ and I said ‘Yeah, OK? ’” Truss later said in an interview. “He said, ‘I would like for him to sit up front, and I would like to give him my   seat, and I’ll go to the back.’ I’m like, ‘Are you sure?’ He said yes, and I was like, ‘Perfect, great opportunity. ’” Many people talk about doing things for our soldiers, but here is a man that allowed his own ease and comfort to literally take a back seat when it came to one of our best and brightest. Follow Warner Todd Huston on Twitter @warnerthuston or email the author at igcolonel@hotmail. com."
"Saturday Night Live’s Michael Che calling Boston “the most racist city I’ve ever been to” continues to elicit peculiar amens in Beantown as denizens rush to prove their enlightened status by attesting to the benightedness of their city. [“Boston is racist,” Renee Goodman informed earlier this week. The Boston Globe columnist insists that there exists “no debate on whether people of color, black people in particular, find Boston inhospitable. ”  This Jedi Mind Trick of sorts cops to the racism of one’s community as a way of demonstrating the   of its members. Inherent within the explicit condemnation of the city’s racism is an implicit condemnation of a specific type of racism embraced by a specific type of Bostonian, ones living outside the Shawmut who probably do not read the Globe and definitely do not listen to the public radio station that employs Ms. Goodman. The Proper Bostonians —  people who speak like George Plimpton and dress like a Newbury Street mannequin —  rioted in 1854 to save Anthony Burns from the Fugitive Slave Act. The Improper Bostonians voted for Dapper O’Neil, the curmudgeonly   century pol who quipped on a candid camera, “I thought I was in Saigon, for Chrissakes,” after passing a crowd of Vietnamese at a Dorchester Day parade. The contrast between the patrician abolitionists and the   bigotry provides a class color to “Boston is racist” assertions. But reality shows that ugly instances of bigotry mark both groups in the rare   urban enclave. Racism comes primarily in two forms:   snobbery and   ignorance. Both kinds work to protect the social status of the practitioners. The former group loves minorities, but only from a distance. The latter group lives among minorities, but resorts to gutter language to distinguish their place on the social ladder from people of color —  no matter how educated, accomplished, or classy the objects of their disdain —  as a means assuring themselves that they do not occupy the lowest rung. This latter form of racism, famously depicted in the infamous 1976 scene of a white man seemingly readying to impale a   black man with a flag pole during the unrest over   busing, concerns Mr. Che, Ms. Goodman, and others beating up Boston. But the city’s more   bigotry involves the brahmin class let off the hook by the current criticisms. The very first   Bostonian felt the sting of this intolerance. William Blaxton invited the Puritans to settle on his land on   Boston Common after they found the water brackish in nearby Charlestown. They accepted his invitation, and then invited him to leave after discovering that his religious views differed from theirs. The same Boston Common played as the site of the execution of four Quakers for the crime of practicing Quakerism. It’s a literal stone’s throw from where the   Know Nothing Party captured all but three of the seats in the state legislature in the 1850s and where Watch and Ward agents arrested H. L. Mencken for selling a copy of the American Mercury that contained a story about a prostitute. Lillian Smith’s Strange Fruit, a story of interracial romance in the South, received the “banned in Boston” treatment in the 1940s. Despite Tom Yawkey holding out against integration longer than any other MLB owner all the way until 1959, the city ultimately named a street in honor of the Boston Red Sox honcho who brought the team zero championships in more than forty years at the helm. Murderer Charles Stuart fooled the entire city for several months in the late 1980s into believing that blacks killed his pregnant wife. Like the individual Bostonians condemning their city as racist as a way of proving their innocence from the ugly sin, people generally deplore the racism external to them as a way of freeing themselves from confronting the racism within. Even SNL’s Michael Che Campbell, whose middle name honors a murderer who claimed that Africans “have maintained their racial purity thanks to their lack of an affinity with bathing,” overlooks the racism attached to the moniker his parents gave him. On SNL and in the Athens of America, they see racism everywhere but the mirror. In Boston, where racism allegedly runs rampant, bigots, like Charlie of the MTA, exist under the surface but never show their faces above ground. In this way, citizens condemn their city while saying “but not me. ” The fiercest denouncers of racism, a phenomenon of us and them, resemble the objects of their scorn. With both, it’s never us, it’s always them."
"The chairman of the House Freedom Caucus (HFC) spoke to Breitbart News on Thursday after his meeting with Speaker Paul Ryan ( ) and three senior aides to President Trump. The topic was the final attempt to modify the American Health Care Act before the House vote on Friday. [“The principles of a deal have been defined  —   an agreement? The details of the agreement are the most fundamental question, and that is what we are working on,” said Rep. Mark Meadows ( ) who met with Stephen K. Bannon, President Trump’s chief strategist Reince Priebus, his chief of staff and Mick Mulvaney, his budget director.  Meadows said the House Freedom Caucus welcomed the compromise from the president that the Essential Health Benefits (EHB) provision in the 2010 Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act will be stripped away. Removal of the EHB does not cover sufferers, he said. “Instead of four or five plans, you can have 10 or 20. ” The EHB forced a    man to pay for maternity coverage, among other things, because it was part of the required benefits every plan had to provide. Other issues are the series of mandates and rules that hinder the way an insurance company manages risk or just runs its business, such as the requirement that companies must spend at least 80 percent of their premium revenues on health care or the rule that restricts companies from charging older customers more than three times what they charge their youngest customers. “Without getting into the details of what we are negotiating, we’re trying to make sure the   pools are really very functional and provide a way for some of those more expensive healthcare issues to be handled on a state basis with their private insurers,” he said. Meadows was joined by fellow HFC member Rep. Dave Brat ( ) on Fox News Wednesday night, where the two men told host Sean Hannity that the House Freedom Caucus reached a deal with Trump. Somehow, that momentum coming out of Wednesday night stalled. “I think we hit some bumps as it related to the type of policies and the details about those policies,” Meadows said. “The belief was that that would attract enough votes. ” A Capitol Hill source told Breitbart News that at the 7 p. m. meeting of the House Republican Conference, the speaker saluted Meadows and the House Freedom Caucus for improving the American Health Care Act. The speaker told his members he expects every Republican to support the bill because it does as much as can be done. The congressman said his bloc of House conservatives is still enough to keep Ryan from reaching 216 votes from the 237 GOP congressmen. There is no expectation of picking up any of the 193 House Democrats. “I think there are a few people who have moved into undecided or yes but not a substantial number yet,” he said."
"The House Freedom Caucus announced after a Wednesday lunch meeting with Sen. Rand Paul (R. ) that it has 25   votes, enough to defeat the American Health Care Act crafted and promoted by Speaker Paul Ryan (R. ) as a rescue for insurance companies caught in the Obamacare “death spiral. ”[Paul said the sooner the House Republican leadership disposes with the RyanCare bill, the sooner leadership can get together with Capitol Hill conservatives to draft a bill that repeals and replaces the 2010 Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act, which created Obamacare.  There is no other way to go than for the speaker and his team to start over, Paul said. “They are going to have to, they don’t have the votes. ” Paul, who ran against Donald Trump in the Republican primaries, told reporters the defeat of Ryan’s insurance industry rescue bill is not a defeat for Trump. I commend @freedomcaucus for staying united against Obamacare Lite. Enough NO votes to stop bill and restart negotiations   conservatives,  —   Senator Rand Paul (@RandPaul) March 22, 2017,  “This is really a defeat for Paul Ryan,” he said. “Ryan is going to have to come to conservatives now and ask for the votes he doesn’t have —  if he has the votes, he doesn’t have to —  but he is going to have to give conservatives a seat at the table. ” The chairman of the House Freedom Caucus Rep. Mark Meadows (R. ) said Ryan does not have the votes to pass RyanCare if House Republican leadership insists on bringing the bill to the floor Thursday. “There are not enough votes to pass it tomorrow. ” Members of the Freedom Caucus met with Vice President Mike Pence before their meeting with Paul, and nothing Pence said changed the caucus’s determination to oppose any health care reform bill that does not end the Individual Mandate and the Essential Benefits provisions of Obamacare. Meadows said, “We had a really good conversation. I am not going to comment on private conversations. ” Meadows said he is not persuaded by potential changes to the RyanCare bill in the Senate if it passes the House. “I serve in the House and the only vote that I can be worried about is the vote that I have to take in the House tomorrow,” he said. The scene in the normally quiet hallways of Rayburn House Office Building was a raucous mashup of print and broadcast reporters, still cameras and video cameras, boom microphones, cell phones on voice recorder apps, and bright lights. As the lawmakers made their way in and out of Room 2247, the media mob slowly moved in front and behind. In the scrum surrounding Senator Paul, a female producer for CNN was knocked to the ground, and the senator immediately stopped answering questions and helped the young woman back to her feet. Once she appeared to be standing on her own two feet, the barrage of questions started up again. The meeting ended because alarms went off warning members that they needed to vote on the House floor. Meadows and the previous HFC chairman Rep. Jim Jordan (R. ) broke through the reporters and cameramen to reach the elevators —  only to have the doors open in front of them for a carriage going up. Frustrated, Meadows turned to answer more questions as the passengers in the elevator had a front row view before the doors closed again. When the bell went off for another elevator, the two men made for it. “Hold on, I am like a trapped rabbit —  I gotta get through,” Meadows said. Before the doors closed, Breitbart News asked Meadows how many   were in the elevator. After giving a quick look to Jordan and the three other passengers, he replied, “Four. ” Jordan added, “Plenty. ”"
"A    girl from Michigan has been charged with raping a    man at knifepoint. [Lestina Marie Smith of Saginaw Township was arraigned Tuesday morning on two felony counts of   criminal sexual conduct, M Live reported.  The charges come from an incident in Saginaw Township where Smith allegedly held the man at knifepoint and had oral and vaginal sex with him. The alleged victim has not been named, due to the sexual nature of the crime, and police have not released any additional details about the suspected assault. Smith was held without bond at the Saginaw County Jail and is scheduled to appear in court for a probable cause hearing on February 3. If convicted, the    could be sentenced to life in prison. Smith’s family has been active on social media, supporting the rape suspect through messages on her Facebook account, the Daily Mail reported."
"So, stop me if you’ve heard this one before: Biological male who decides he’s a woman, gets permission to compete in women’s athletics, and then proceeds to use his natural physical advantages to dominate all the biological females. [Okay, don’t stop me.  Otherwise, I wouldn’t be able to tell you about a man named Tia Thompson. Thompson, 32, is a transgender volleyball player from Hawaii, who, after competing as a male in all USA Volleyball events up until this year, obtained permission from USA Volleyball to compete as a female. Shockingly, Thompson has become a massive force in the female division, and has a legit chance at qualifying for the Olympics. Thompson told NBC4, “It’s a touchy subject because volleyball is a main sport here. Because of my religious background with my dad’s side and my mom’s side, we didn’t speak of it, but we knew. As soon as I turned 18 and I moved out, I started transitioning and started taking hormones. ” That hormone therapy, among other things, made it possible for Thompson to obtain eligibility to compete as a woman: USAV requires transgender women to undergo hormone replacement therapy consistently for at least one year  —   with proper documentation  —   and they also have to change their identification, like passports and birth certificates, to female. Before, some organizations, including the Olympics, would require trans athletes to have sex reassignment surgery. “It took me three years to finally get approved with all the transitioning and all the hormone therapy and submitting all my paperwork to the gender committee,” Thompson told NBC4. Also, according to NBC4, “There has been some push back from the community. Players and parents we spoke to who did not want to be on camera say it’s not fair for teams with biological women because it creates an unrealistic level of competition. ” Not that anyone at USA Volleyball cares. Follow Dylan Gwinn on Twitter: @themightygwinn"
"STOCKHOLM (AFP)  —   The number of violent Islamist extremists in Sweden has soared from 200 in 2010 to “thousands” intelligence agency Sapo said Friday, while noting that only a handful were deemed able to carry out a terror attack. [“We would say that (the number) has gone from hundreds to thousands now,” Sapo chief Anders Thornberg told news agency TT in an interview, describing the situation as “serious”.  “This is the ‘new normal’   …     It is a historic challenge that extremist circles are growing,” he said. He stressed, however, that only a few of the “thousands” had both the intention and ability to carry out a terror attack. A 2010 Sapo report estimated the number of violent Islamist extremists in the Scandinavian country at 200. Thornberg attributed the rise primarily to the propaganda machine of the   Islamic State (IS) which has united different groups of Islamist extremists. “We used to have different circles. We had radicalised (people) from North Africa, the Middle East and Somalia, but they were all separate,” he said. Thornberg said Sapo now receives around 6, 000 intelligence tips a month concerning terrorism and extremism, compared to an average 2, 000 a month in 2012. Sapo has previously said that about 300 people from Sweden are known to have travelled to Syria and Iraq to join IS since 2012. Jihadists or sympathisers from Sweden have been linked to several terrorist attacks in recent years. On April 7, an Uzbek national who had shown sympathies for jihadist groups including IS used a stolen truck to mow down pedestrians on a busy shopping street, killing five people and injuring 15. And a Swedish national, Osama Krayem, has been charged with terrorist murders over the 2016 Brussels metro bombing."
"Two high school basketball coaches in Oklahoma were fired after taking a school bus to go buy beer while their team, from Tishomingo High School, attended a camp at Connors State University. [According to Tishomingo player Kyle Miller, “We noticed that the school bus was gone but he had told us to stay in our dorms and so we proceeded to do that and we just didn’t find anything out until the next day. ”  The coaches’ caper was unraveled by a store clerk who, apparently, thought it concerning that two men would show up to purchase beer in a school bus. The clerk then called Connors State, a school that does not allow alcohol on its grounds. Officials from Tishomingo High School became aware of the incident, then fired the two coaches. Sadly for the players from Tishomingo, the incident led to the team having to leave camp a day early. Miller summed up the disappointment of the team to KFOR. com, “We were pretty upset because we paid money out of pocket to go to that camp, because we had to stay for three nights and we had to end up leaving on the second day. ” Follow Dylan Gwinn on Twitter: @themightygwinn"
"One day after the American Health Care Act (AHCA) vote was canceled for a second time, Vice President Mike Pence told West Virginians at Foster Supply Company in Charleston that 100 percent of House Democrats and a handful of Republicans were to blame for standing in the way of President Trump’s health care bill, but a report has surfaced that in the final days before passage of the bill, Pence pushed to label the bill “Ryancare. ”[UPDATE: The Vice President’s office told Breitbart News on Sunday that it denies the conversation about naming the bill “Ryancare” ever took place.  “The President and I are grateful for Speaker Paul Ryan and all the House Republicans who stood with us in this effort to begin the end of Obamacare,” said the Vice President, who lamented, “As we all learned yesterday, Congress just wasn’t ready. ” While on Saturday Pence referred to the plan as “President Trump’s,” aides have suggested that in the days before the vote on AHCA was supposed to happen, the Vice President lobbied to label the bill “Ryancare,” according to the New York Times which reported: Until the final week, Mr. Trump’s team was deeply divided over whether he should fully commit to a hard sell on a bill they viewed as fundamentally flawed, with Vice President Mike Pence pointedly advising the president to label the effort “Ryancare,” not “Trumpcare,” according to aides. Earlier in his speech, Pence joked that they could have used some of Small Business Administration leader Linda McMahon’s WWE superstars on Capitol Hill to get the AHCA passed. “With 100 percent of House Democrats, every single one, and a handful of Republicans actually standing in the way of President Trump’s plan to repeal and replace Obamacare, we’re back to the drawing board,” said Pence. He spoke of the negative effects of Obamacare on businesses and individuals, adding in statistics specific to West Virginia. The Vice President said he was inspired by the President’s tireless efforts, “determination, and commitment to keep his promise to the American people,” in working to get the AHCA “across the finish line. ” Pence noted the words of the former House Speaker who had overseen the passage of Obamacare, Nancy Pelosi ( ) who on Friday called the news that the bill was pulled a second time, a “victory. ” Pence responded, “Yesterday wasn’t a victory for the American people, it was a victory for the status quo in Washington, D. C. and it was a victory for the disaster of Obamacare, but I promise you, that victory won’t last very long. ” “The American people want Obamacare gone,” he continued. After the Friday announcement that the bill had been pulled, President Trump blamed the Democrats for the downfall of the AHCA. He added, “I want to have a great health care bill and plan and we will, it will happen, and it won’t be in the very distant future. ” Pence went on to declare on Saturday, “We’re moving forward. ” He said that the Administration is going to move forward with their   agenda, “jobs, jobs, and jobs, in West Virginia and across this country. ” “Last month the economy added 235, 000 jobs in construction and manufacturing,” said Pence, who noted companies changing plans to move plants and jobs outside the country and deciding rather to build in the U. S. Pence said, “Working with this Congress, President Trump is going to “pass the largest tax cut since the days of [former President] Ronald Reagan. ” “We’re going to reform the tax code and make it flatter and simpler and fairer,” he added. “Our tax plan will make American businesses and American opportunities more competitive all over this country. Pence vowed that they will cut corporate taxes. He said they would cut business taxes “to 15 percent so American companies will invest in American operations that create American jobs. ” He spoke also of the reduction of regulations to help get the economy moving. “The war on coal is over and a new era of American energy has begun,” Pence said as he spoke of mining companies in West Virginia depressed under the politicians in Washington, D. C. “West Virginia has lost more than a third of its mining jobs over the last few years alone, that over 130 mines have been shut down since 2009. ” He said the hard working men and women of that state will be forgotten no longer. “President trump digs coal,” he continued, a rallying cry seen on Trump campaign signs during the 2016 election cycle. “It’s about jobs, it’s about energy, it’s about our National Defense,” said Pence, who added the campaign promise fulfilled by the nomination of Judge Neil Gorsuch to the Supreme Court of the United States. “The United States Senate will confirm Neil Gorsuch one way or the other,” said Pence who, as Vice President, also serves as President of the U. S. Senate. While stating on Friday that the failure of the AHCA makes tax reform more challenging, President Trump said that Obamacare will “explode” and that the process of trying to pass the AHCA will ultimately lead to a better health care bill. Follow Michelle Moons on Twitter @MichelleDiana "
"“It is clearly open season on prominent Trump supporters,” talk radio star Michael Savage told Breitbart News one day after he was reportedly allegedly assaulted at a restaurant in Tiburon, California. [Savage, who has been credited with aiding President Donald Trump’s election, said that he was not able to comment on the specific alleged incident. His attorney told the news media that Savage was verbally taunted and then assaulted by a restaurant patron.  Speaking generally, Savage told Breitbart News on Thursday: It is clearly open season on prominent Trump supporters. The fascist left has been empowered by their own false narrative that those who support borders, language and culture  —   my motto  —   are evil fascists!  This is how Hitler came to power.  He used his brown shirts to beat any opponents. The media and police are almost wholly driven by this lie. The Daily Mail reported on the alleged incident, citing Savage’s attorney, Daniel Horowitz: Michael Savage, the    host of the nationally syndicated talk radio show Savage Nation, was dining solo at Servino Ristorante in Tiburon, with his toy poodle, Teddy, keeping him company, when another patron allegedly began taunting him by saying, ‘weener, weener.’ The heckler was apparently referring to Savage’s legal name, Michael Alan Weiner. As Savage was heading out the door, the verbal abuse allegedly turned physical when the jeerer knocked the septuagenarian to the ground, according to the talk show host’s attorney, Daniel Horowitz. Mercury News further reported: A Tiburon police spokeswoman said officers arrived on the scene on Tiburon’s Main Street at about 8:25 p. m. Both men involved in the fight claimed the other started it, according to an incident log. Spokeswoman Laurie Nilsen said the two men placed each other under citizen’s arrest and were released at the scene. A   police report will be sent to the District Attorney’s Office for review to see if any charges will be filed. Horowitz suggested it’s unlikely his client was the aggressor, given that he’s 5 feet 6 inches tall and 75 years old. According to Horowitz, the incident started after Savage had finished dinner and was leaving the restaurant.  The lawyer said the alleged assailant, who stood at about six feet five inches, approached the talk radio host “yelling insults. ” Mercury News continued: After Savage told the man to “go away,” he started to turn. Horowitz said it appears that the man knocked Savage to the ground while also pushing his dog out of the way. At that point, another customer from the restaurant intervened, and Savage’s alleged assailant punched him in the face, Horowitz said. Savage was somehow able to get back up and help the good Samaritan while also calling police. “He called me from the scene,” Horowitz told Mercury Nes. “Truthfully, I think he was more furious than anything. He was saying he had just wanted to go out and have a nice dinner. He said, ‘This guy can’t get away with that. ’”   On Tuesday, Savage’s latest nonfiction book, titled Trump’s War: His Battle for America, was released. Salon. com recently labeled Savage the “  godfather of Trumpamania. ” Savage, a   radio host and bestselling author of numerous books, is known for helping to define the nationalist themes of borders, language and culture. His daily   syndicated radio program, “The Michael Savage Show,” is reportedly heard by 10 million listeners per week. Trump was a fixture on Savage’s program throughout the 2016 presidential campaign and even called into the show the day of the election. Aaron Klein is Breitbart’s Jerusalem bureau chief and senior investigative reporter. He is a New York Times bestselling author and hosts the popular weekend talk radio program, “Aaron Klein Investigative Radio. ” Follow him on Twitter @AaronKleinShow. Follow him on Facebook."
"On Sunday, polling firm Change Research placed outsider Republican candidate for Virginia Governor Corey Stewart ahead of establishment rivals Ed Gillespie and Frank Wagner among likely voters in Tuesday’s GOP primary. [The survey of 3, 232 Virginians shows a slim lead for Stewart among likely primary voters. The tally among those who will “definitely” vote for a given candidate, however, is more striking, with a   lead for Stewart at 28 percent over 19 percent and 9 percent for Gillespie and Wagner respectively.  Corey Stewart, President Donald Trump’s former Virginia campaign manager, has carved out a niche for himself as the populist challenger to   GOP operative and 2014 U. S. Senate candidate Gillespie. In addition to making the fight against illegal immigration a centerpiece of his campaign, Stewart made headlines with his pledge to defend against the removal of any of Virginia’s   monuments to the state’s Confederate Civil War heroes by   agitators. Earlier polling had Stewart down significantly to his more   rivals who have been reluctant to wholeheartedly line up with the   populist base on issues like immigration. The poll has   former U. S. Congressman Tom Perriello up eight points in the Democratic primary for the same office. Perriello has hit Stewart hard for his populist stances, calling them “an ignorant,   view of Virginia” and calling the fact that thousands of Virginians fought for the Confederacy “our greatest sin. ” Change Research is a new polling outfit run by two   data scientists and ” a longtime political and communications leader. ” The same firm forecasted the final result in the Montana House special election victory of Greg Gianforte within one point of the actual result. They also released the analysis that showed how little of an effect the   altercation between Gianforte and Guardian journalist Ben Jacobs, who alleged the candidate “ ” him as he tried to ask a question, had on voters’ intentions."
"California senate leader Kevin de León (  Angeles) has claimed that the Trump administration’s immigration enforcement crackdown is based on the “principles of white supremacy,” after the federal government threatened to withhold $20 million in criminal justice grants from the state of California. [“It has become abundantly clear that Attorney General Jeff Sessions and the Trump administration are basing their law enforcement policies on principles of white supremacy  —   not American values,” de León said in a statement. “Their constant and systematic targeting of diverse cities and states goes beyond constitutional norms and will be challenged at every level. ”  Sen. de León’s comments come after the Department of Justice warned the state of California that it could lose $20 million in criminal justice grants should it fail to enforce policies under the new administration’s immigration crackdown. Attorney General Jeff Sessions has repeatedly warned localities protecting illegals from deportation, known as “sanctuary cities,” that they risk losing federal funding should they fail to comply with federal immigration law. The administration is also publishing a weekly list of crimes committed by illegal aliens residing in sanctuary cities. On a visit to the southern border on Friday, Sessions described de León’s claim as “kind of extremist statement that I totally reject,” urging jurisdictions such as California and New York to “reconsider” their position. Meanwhile, Californian Assemblyman James Gallagher ( ) ridiculed it as a “ridiculous statement. ” “Nobody here is talking about the state becoming an immigration agency or doing ICE’s job for them. It’s about whether you comply with federal law,” Gallagher told The LA Times. In February this year, de León revealed that “half [his] family are here illegally” under false documents and would be eligible for deportation under government policy. He then went on to push legislation making California a “Sanctuary State,” which prohibits state law enforcement agencies in California from cooperating with federal immigration authorities.  Earlier this month, Senate Bill 54, known as the “sanctuary state” bill, passed by a   majority along party lines. You can follow Ben Kew on Facebook, on Twitter at @ben_kew, or email him at bkew@breitbart. com "
"The “Day Without Immigrants” protest demanding amnesty, lax immigration enforcement, and cheap labor practices fizzled in most U. S. cities, and now many demonstrators have lost their jobs for skipping work. [NBC News reports at least 100 workers lost their jobs at different restaurants and businesses after the February 16 protest.  Migrants who advocated for the   cheap labor policies allowing them to work in the U. S. found themselves rapidly replaced by new workers. One business, the I Don’t Care Bar and Grill in Catoosa, Oklahoma, fired several workers by text message: “You and your family are fired. I hope you enjoyed your day off, and you can enjoy many more. Love you. ” The next day, the restaurant posted an announcement looking for new workers on Facebook. The migrant workers say they felt their firings were unfair, but the owner had a   “no   show” policy. Another 18 employees working at Bradley Coatings in Tennessee told their bosses they were skipping work to protest in a “Day Without Immigrants” demonstration. The business promptly fired them for missing work. “I would tell him he was unfair, after working for them for so many years, giving him our best,” one migrant worker told KTNV. “They could not understand that it was just one day. We were going to make up that day on a Sunday, but they didn’t understand that, and it was not the best way. They didn’t give us an opportunity and just told us we were fired. ” Many protesters in the “Day Without Immigrants” marches waved foreign flags to emphasize they were loyal to countries whose main export was cheap labor —  with costs inflicted on taxpayers and profits awarded to employers."
"  Donald Trump has appointed former RNC Chief of Staff Katie Walsh to serve as his Deputy Chief of Staff to the White House, according to a release from the transition team. [He also named Rick Dearborn, a chief of staff for Sen. Jeff Sessions, to serve as the Deputy Chief of Staff for Legislative and Intergovernmental Affairs, and former Bush administration official Joe Hagin as the Deputy Chief of Staff for Operations at the White House.  “Rick and Katie have been instrumental in our victory and transition efforts,” said Trump’s Chief Strategist Steve Bannon in a statement. “These leaders will guide critical White House operations as we aggressively follow through on   Trump’s promise to put America First. ” The appointments also drew praise from incoming Chief of Staff Reince Priebus and Kellyanne Conway, the recently named Counselor to the President. “Katie Walsh is an ” Conway said in a statement. “She helped our party achieve sweeping victories across the country, and I’m thrilled to have another strong female leader on our Senior White House team. ” “The  ’s bold vision to make America great again demands a team of doers who can hit the ground running on day one,” Priebus said in a statement. “Katie, Rick, and Joe will fill critical roles as we push forward on all of the key priorities for our great nation. ” The Trump transition team also released a list of hires to assist the president at the White House: Marc Short, Assistant to the President and Director of Legislative AffairsJohn DeStefano, Assistant to the President and Director of Presidential PersonnelOmarosa Manigault, Assistant to the President and Director of Communications for the Office of Public LiaisonJosh Pitcock, Assistant to President and Chief of Staff to the Vice PresidentKeith Schiller, Deputy Assistant to the President and Director of Oval Office OperationsGeorge Gigicos, Deputy Assistant to the President and Director of AdvanceJessica Ditto, Deputy Assistant to the President and Deputy Communications DirectorRaj Shah, Deputy Assistant to the President and Deputy Communications Director and Research DirectorBill Stepien, Deputy Assistant to the President and Political DirectorJen Pavlik, Deputy Assistant to the President and Deputy Chief of Staff to the Vice PresidentJohn McEntee, Special Assistant to the President and Personal Aide to the President"
"An immigration officer was injured during an attempted arrest of a criminal alien in Austin, Texas on Friday. The incident follows a protest in Texas’ capital city over other detention arrests made by Immigration and Customs Enforcement agents. It also follows a contentious dispute between Travis County and the State of Texas over sanctuary city issues. [U. S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement officials confirmed to Breitbart Texas that an immigration officer was injured following an altercation that erupted when family members attempted to intervene in the arrest of a criminal alien suspect. The immigration official had apparently pulled over the suspect’s vehicle and was attempting to make an arrest on an immigration charge.  “One ICE officer was injured in Austin, Texas, while he was arresting a criminal alien early in the morning of Feb. 10,” ICE spokesperson Adelina Pruneda said in a written statement sent to Breitbart Texas. “The officer was treated and released from a local hospital. No further information regarding this incident is releasable. ” Austin police officers were dispatched to provide backup to the immigration official, according to the Austin American Statesman. Austin Police Department Lt. Cara Boyd reported that four officers were sent to the aid of the injured officer. She told the Austin newspaper the immigration officer was attempting to make and arrest on one or more suspects. She did not disclose why the arrests were being carried out. Another Austin police supervisor told the Statesman that family members intervened and the situation “got out of hand. ” Paramedics were dispatched to the scene and the officer was transported to a local emergency room, not connected to a hospital. The injuries were described as   threatening. This incident follows a protest at an ICE facility in Austin regarding another individual who was arrested and detained. Reyna Alvarado told the Statesman her husband, Francisco Alvarado, an illegal alien landscaper from Honduras, was arrested by immigration officials on Thursday morning. She said he called her and explained he was likely to be deported. Breitbart Texas also reached out to ICE for information about this case and other detentions in the Austin area in recent days. More information will be forthcoming, Pruneda responded. Editor’s Note: This article has been updated with information received by Breitbart Texas from ICE officials. Bob Price serves as associate editor and senior political news contributor for Breitbart Texas. He is a founding member of the Breitbart Texas team. Follow him on Twitter @BobPriceBBTX."
"The Trump administration will delay the implementation of a major Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) air pollution rule from the Obama administration. [The EPA announced the delay on the ozone pollution rule, EPA Administrator Scott Pruitt notified governors this week.  “States have made tremendous progress and significant investment cleaning up the air. We will continue to work with states to ensure they are on a path to compliance,” Pruitt said in a statement. “We are committed to working with states and local officials to effectively implement the ozone standard in a manner that is supportive of air quality improvement efforts without interfering with local decisions or impeding economic growth,” he added. The EPA’s statement cited “increased regulatory burdens, restrictions on infrastructure investment, and increased cost to businesses. ” Pruitt stated that his decision to delay the air pollution rule relies on a stipulation in the Clean Air Act that would allow the agency to suspend rules up to a year if the agency has “insufficient information” to make compliance decisions. Texas Attorney General Ken Paxton, one of the leaders in the lawsuit challenging the rule, cheered Pruitt’s decision. Paxton said, “I am grateful for the leadership of EPA Administrator Pruitt in courageously pausing the costly and ineffective ozone rule, and I’m hopeful that the one year delay will provide time for the EPA to review the detrimental effects the ozone rule will have on the Texas economy. ” The 2015 Obama regulation set the allowable ozone level of pollution in the atmosphere to 70 parts per billion, down from the 75 parts per billion set in 2008. Obama’s EPA predicted that the rule would result in billions of dollars in economic benefits through improvements in public health. This attracted significant criticism. Industry officials argue that the rule would cost more than $1 trillion and questioned its potential health benefits. EPA chief Pruitt said that the agency will undertake a review of the rule in response to Republican states and industry suing the   EPA. Pruitt himself was part of the lawsuit when he was Oklahoma’s attorney general. Senator Jeff Flake ( ) applauded the EPA’s rule delay and said that the agency protects the environment, instead of the previous administration’s   approach. Flake said, “It’s great to see the EPA working with Arizonans for a change. Nowhere are the flaws of previous administration’s     approach to regulating ozone more evident than in Arizona, a desert state where   ozone makes it impossible to meet the new federal mandate. While today’s move buys Arizona   time, I remain committed to advancing a solution that will provide permanent relief from this egregious and unworkable rule. ”"
"HOUSTON, Texas  —   U. S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement (ICE) officials confirmed to Breitbart Texas that the two   gang member accused of raping two teenage girls and killing one of them in a satanic ritual are illegal aliens from El Salvador. The two laughed and waved at television cameras during their first court appearance last week.[ Over a period of several weeks, Diego Rivera, 18, and Miguel   18, allegedly kidnapped and raped at least two young girls, Breitbart Texas reported on Thursday. Following an incident where one of the girls “disrespected” a satanic shrine in the apartment of one of the men, Rivera and   took her to a road in southwest Houston where they shot and killed her prosecutors told the court.  Breitbart Texas reached out to ICE officials who confirmed that both men, Salvadoran nationals, were illegally present in the U. S. Houston media outlets did not report on the immigration status of the two suspects. Prosecutors told the judge of the 339th Criminal District Court the two men were members of the   gang.   is reported to be the leader of this Houston group. Houston police officials have not released the identity of the    girl that Rivera admitted to shooting one time in the face. The Jersey Village, Texas, mother of a    girl, missing since January claims her daughter, Genesis Lizbeth Cornejo, is the victim, the Daily Mail reported. The two   gang members from El Salvador held the surviving victim against her will, moving from one apartment to another while keeping her intoxicated with drugs and alcohol. She said the men held her down and tattooed the “Grim Reaper” along the entire length of her calf, prosecutors told the court. Court records state a man going by the name “Flaco” sexually assaulted the    victim. As many as six   gang members lived in the apartment where the satanic rituals took place. Officials have not reported if more arrests are pending. A SWAT team arrested the two gang members after a standoff on Monday. Officials did not disclose what led them to the location. The    victim and another teenage girl were rescued and returned to their homes, the Daily Mail reported. Bob Price serves as associate editor and senior political news contributor for Breitbart Texas. He is a founding member of the Breitbart Texas team. Follow him on Twitter @BobPriceBBTX."
"White House press secretary Sean Spicer argued that President Donald Trump’s foreign policy doctrine remains “America’s First” despite his decision to launch missile strikes in Syria. [“I think the Trump doctrine is something that he articulated throughout the campaign, which is that America’s first,” Spicer told Breitbart News during the White House press briefing.   Spicer added that the Trump administration would protect America’s interests in regards to national security and its economic priorities. “We’re not just going to become the world’s policeman running around the world,” he said. The president would have a “clear and defined national interest,” whenever he launched a military attack, Spicer stated. He argued that it was within America’s national interests to oppose the use and spread of weapons of mass destruction. “If there is a growth of use or spread of chemical weapons of mass destruction, the proliferation of those, the spread to other groups is a clear danger to our country and to our people,” Spicer said."
"United Van Lines names South Dakota as the state seeing the highest percentage of incoming moves for 2016. [With the exception of Vermont, states experiencing a high degree of inbound moving vans lie either west of the Mississippi or south of the   Line. In contrast, states in the Rust Belt and Northeast disproportionately make up those seeing more outbound moving vans.  The departures tell a more interesting story than the destinations. “The Northeast continues to experience a moving deficit with New Jersey (63 percent outbound) New York (63 percent) and Connecticut (60 percent) making the list of top outbound states for the second consecutive year,” the National Movers Study notes. “Pennsylvania (56 percent) also joined the top outbound list this year. ” New Jersey, Illinois, and New York see the greatest exoduses. The trio of blue states eschew    for forced unionism and feature some of the strictest gun laws within their borders. But the   policy that sets them apart from many neighbors remains taxes. Forbes listed New York, the state with the third worst ratio of    movers, as the most harshly taxed state in the U. S. Illinois, second worst on the United Van Lines List, comes in fourth worst on the 2016 Forbes tax list. Forbes ranks New Jersey third worst. United Van Lines? Its list sees the Garden State at the bottom. People move to escape cold weather, get closer to relatives, and for other reasons unrelated to policy. They also move to obtain employment. Here, tax policy matters. Curiously, three of the states that tax its residents at the highest levels also see the taillights fade on residents’ moving vans more than all the other states."
"Snap Inc, the company behind Snapchat, is facing a securities class action suit which alleges it made “false” and “misleading” claims about user growth. [“Pomerantz LLP, which specializes in such cases, is seeking to represent shareholders in the company which went public just two months ago,” reported Variety on Tuesday. “The suit notes that Snap’s stock price plunged $4. 93, or 21. 45% after its first quarterly report last week showed disappointing user growth. The suit also cites the claims of Anthony Pompliano, a former growth lead for Snapchat, who has filed his own lawsuit alleging that the company was using inflated metrics during his brief tenure there in 2015. ”  Though the Pomerantz law firm has filed similar suits in the past, most notably against Twitter for the same reason last year, a Snap Inc. spokesman blew off the incident in a statement, saying, “Lawsuits like this are not uncommon and we are focused on growing our business. ” In March, Snapchat was discovered to be the most important social network among millennials during a survey. According to the report released by LendEdu, 58 percent of university students stated that they open Snapchat first when checking social media. This was followed by 27 percent who claimed to check Instagram first, while 13 percent chose Facebook. That month it was also reported that Snapchat would likely become more popular with advertisers than Twitter, Yahoo, and AOL by 2020. Charlie Nash is a reporter for Breitbart Tech. You can follow him on Twitter @MrNashington or like his page at Facebook."
"Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell said Thursday that he expects President Donald Trump’s proposed border wall with Mexico will cost between from $12 to $15 billion, according to a report by Stratfor Global Intelligence. [The estimated final cost of that “Wall” would depend on such factors as terrain, the presence of necessary infrastructure such as roads, and the acquirement of land in the wall’s path. Although neither the Senate nor the House leadership has laid out the details as to how Congress or the Mexican government will pay for the infrastructure, Trump appears to have all the congressional support he needs to start the bidding process to honor his key campaign promise.  Trump also took to Twitter on January 26 to state clearly that if Mexico does not agree to pay for the wall, that “it would be better to cancel an upcoming meeting” in Washington DC later this month that was arranged with Mexican President Enrique Pena Nieto on the morning of November 9. Despite Mexican officials’ public statements claiming that they have no intention of paying for the wall, President Peña Nieto was one of the first world leaders to congratulate   Trump, stating that he was open to negotiating a number of issues. On Wednesday evening, Peña Nieto reiterated, via Twitter, that Mexico refused to pay for the wall. After President Trump’s responded that if that were the case, they ought to cancel the meeting, Peña Nieto tweeted back, “We have informed the White House that I will not attend the working meeting planned for next Tuesday with @POTUS. ” He also reiterated that “Mexico reiterates its willingness to work with the United States to reach agreements that favor both nations. ” Despite the Mexican government’s promise to intervene in currency markets to prevent any disruptive fall in the peso from the U. S. elections, Mexico’s currency crashed by 13 percent on Election Day. With the peso down by about 20 percent, it is now worth less than a nickel. The panic selling since the U. S. elections has been worse than the turmoil at the start of Mexico’s 1994 “Tequila Crisis. ” That disaster came a year after the signing of NAFTA in December 1993 by Mexico’s President Carlos Salinas and U. S. President Bill Clinton. NAFTA suddenly opened unlimited access for American companies to Mexico’s formerly protected consumer and industrial markets. The ensuing U. S. export boom saw America’s balance of payments surplus with Mexico spike by over 1, 000 percent, to $29. 4 billion in 1994. The resulting capital flight caused a massive credit crunch and forced Mexico’s central bank to raise interest rates dramatically. Mexican banks began to collapse as borrowers could no longer pay loans. The Mexican government was forced to let the peso’s exchange rate “float. ” With the peso suffering a 50 percent devaluation and Mexico about to default, the country had to ask the U. S. for a bailout. Mexico still has access to a $90 billion IMF credit line granted 22 years ago. Mexico has huge risk from a trade war with President Trump. About 90 percent of U. S.  fortune 500 companies have made substantial investments in Mexico. According to the U. S. Bureau of Economic Analysis’ report from 2012, U. S. multinational enterprises employed 1, 106, 700 people in Mexico, while Mexican companies only employ 68, 800 in the United States. America’s trading relationship with Mexico is wildly unequal, but a number of U. S. companies and their workers do benefit from NAFTA. Mexico is America’s   export market, with $236 billion, or 15. 7 percent, of all U. S. exports in 2015. That is up 468 percent since NAFTA was signed in 1993. Thanks to NAFTA, Mexico, with $400 billion in exports, is now the   export economy in the world. With 80 percent of Mexico’s exports going to the United States, a trade war would devastate the Mexican economy.  "
"White House press secretary Sean Spicer confirmed that the death of slain Navy SEAL William ‘Ryan’ Owens would be investigated, responding to comments made by his father Bill Owens calling it a “stupid mission. ”[“I can’t possibly imagine what he’s going through in terms of the loss of a son,” Spicer said during the White House press briefing. “I can tell him that on behalf of the president, his son died a hero. ”  Spicer asserted that the intelligence gathered during the raid would “save American lives” and he thanked the family for their sacrifice. The father of Owen refused to meet the president after the death of his son, calling it a “stupid” mission during an interview with The Miami Herald. Spicer also reminded reporters that the mission would go through a thorough review, as part of the standard operating procedure for the Defense Department. “There will be three reviews done by the Department of Defense because of the nature of this,” Spicer said. “But, again, I can’t stress enough that on behalf of the president, on behalf of this nation, we express our condolences, extend our prayers to him during this time. ”"
"A series of North Korean nuclear weapons destroys San Francisco in the “Hermit Kingdom’s” latest propaganda film, which was created for the grand finale of celebrations commemorating founder Kim Il Sung’s 105th birthday last weekend. [According to video of the event, which was acquired by the San Francisco Chronicle, music was played by a military symphony in the background as an audience of men in   uniforms and other military attire cheered on the massive explosion and ensuing destruction of the city. Following the explosion, the American flag can be seen waving over a military cemetery.  The Chronicle reports that the concert was part of the “Day of the Sun” festivities honoring the late Kim. San Francisco was reportedly wiped out in about 15 seconds. On Saturday, North Korea tried unsuccessfully to test a real missile, which blew up before it launched. Breitbart News previously reported that the North Korean government alleged that the United States was behind the missile’s failure, suggesting America had infiltrated Pyongyang’s computer systems through a sophisticated   program. North Korea’s Vice Foreign Minister Han   told the BBC on Monday that more missiles will be launched. He said North Korea “will be conducting more missile tests on a weekly, monthly, and yearly basis,” despite warnings and diplomatic requests for the communist nation to desist. “If the U. S. is reckless enough to use military means it would mean from that very day, an   war,” Han reportedly added, and noted that North Korea would deliver a “nuclear   strike” if it believed America and its allies were preparing to attack. As part of his   tour of Asia, Vice President Mike Pence delivered a stern warning to North Korea’s current leader Kim  : “And those who would challenge our resolve or our readiness should know: We will defeat any attack and meet any use of conventional or nuclear weapons with an overwhelming and effective American response. ” The Chronicle points out that “most observers believe that Pyongyang does not yet possess the technology to deliver a nuclear warhead intercontinentally. But Vox reported that Jeffrey Lewis, director of the East Asia nonproliferation program at the Center for Nonproliferation Studies, estimated that North Korea will be able to reach U. S. territory at Guam or Hawaii within five years. ”   Follow Adelle Nazarian on Facebook and Twitter."
"Attorney General Jeff Sessions issued a statement Thursday on the U. S. Court of Appeals for the Fourth Circuit decision to block President Donald Trump’s travel ban executive order, vowing to take the defense of that order to the United States Supreme Court. [“President Trump’s executive order is well within his lawful authority to keep the Nation safe,” Sessions wrote in the statement:  The Department of Justice strongly disagrees with the decision of the divided court, which blocks the President’s efforts to strengthen this country’s national security. As the dissenting judges explained, the executive order is a constitutional exercise of the President’s duty to protect our communities from terrorism.  The President is not required to admit people from countries that sponsor or shelter terrorism, until he determines that they can be properly vetted and do not pose a security risk to the United States. Earlier Thursday, the Fourth Circuit issued an en banc   decision to continue blocking the enforcement of President Trump’s order restricting travel and immigration from six   countries. The majority, over a forceful dissent, found that even though the order made no mention of disfavoring Muslims, the statements of Trump and his surrogates during the campaign rendered it a violation of the First Amendment’s Establishment Clause. “This Department of Justice will continue to vigorously defend the power and duty of the Executive Branch to protect the people of this country from danger, and will seek review of this case in the United States Supreme Court,” Sessions wrote in defiance of the Fourth Circuit’s decision. The statement confirms that the Department of Justice under Attorney General Sessions will pursue the last remaining line of defense for the order and petition the Supreme Court for a writ of certiorari. The travel ban is written to only remain in effect for 90 days and will expire in June. If the current case is to be preserved, then the petition will need to be made on an emergency basis, calling the court back into session before the expiration."
"A judge sentenced several Mexican cartel operatives living in the U. S. illegally to prison for a failed kidnapping that turned into a rolling gun battle in North Texas. The gunmen used automatic   and   to shoot at police in their effort to escape custody. [The case began in July 2016 when    Melissa Trevino, Jose Cardenas Aguirre, and Javier Martinez, all illegal aliens from Mexico, planned to kidnap a man identified in court documents as RG. The drug cartel ordered the kidnapping due to an unpaid debt. Court documents obtained by Breitbart Texas revealed that the cartel cell led by Martinez moved kilogram quantities of heroin from Mexico in the South Dallas area.   While court documents do not identify which cartel the cell belonged to, a previously published DEA report revealed that the Sinaloa Cartel is the cartel with the most influence in the area. Other cartels that operate in the region include the Beltran Leyva Cartel, Gulf Cartel and Los Zetas Cartel.  In an effort to collect the drug debt the group wore body armor, tactical clothing and used a     and two  ’s. Court documents revealed that the group tried to wipe fingerprints off the bullets before loading them into the weapons.  On the day of the kidnapping, the group failed in their effort to kidnap RG from an undisclosed location in the Dallas suburb of Ennis, Texas. The gunmen attempted to escape following the botched kidnapping. Police officers chased the gunmen and during the chase, the group fired their weapons at law enforcement.  The FBI and Ennis Police identified six members of the cartel cell and obtained a criminal indictment in August 2016. Since then, police arrested five of the cartel members who subsequently pleaded guilty to the charges.  This week, Melissa Treviño went before U. S. District Judge Jane  J. Boyle who sentenced her to 17 years in prison and six months for her role in the cartel kidnapping operation.  Cartel Kidnapping in Dallas by ildefonso ortiz on Scribd,  Ildefonso Ortiz is an   journalist with Breitbart Texas. He   the Cartel Chronicles project with Brandon Darby and Stephen K. Bannon.  You can follow him on Twitter and on Facebook."
"NASHVILLE, Tennessee —  A huge crowd turned out at Legislative Plaza on Saturday to attend the Spirit of America rally in support of President Trump’s policies. [Rally organizer Mark Skoda told Breitbart News that the crowd size was estimated at 2, 000, a number that was also  reported and tweeted out by a number of people who were in attendance.  Several dozen Spirit of America rallies were held across the country on Saturday. Nashville appears to have held the largest rally. The legacy of Andrew Breitbart was front and center at the boisterous and upbeat event, which Nashville entertainer Ty Williams kicked off with a   rendition of his new song, appropriately titled, “Make America Great Again. ” Skoda told the crowd that he befriended Andrew Breitbart and Gateway Pundit founder Jim Hoft, one of the rally’s speakers, back in 2010 at the first Tea Party Convention held at the Gaylord Convention Center in Nashville. In his speech, Hoft paid tribute to his good friend Andrew Breitbart, who died in 2012, as a key ally and inspiration whose vision helped him withstand the many attacks launched by the left as the Gateway Pundit broke story after story during the 2016 Presidential election. Hoft noted that Gateway Pundit has just received White House press credentials and will have a Washington based correspondent who will be covering the Trump administration. He praised President Trump’s decision not to attend the White House Correspondents Dinner, “where they attack him for two hours. ” “If he wanted that, he could turn on CNN in the morning,” Hoft said, to huge peals of laughter from the crowd. “Donald Trump is not going to the White House Correspondents Dinner, so a group of us only thought it would be fair if we started a competing dinner,” Hoft added. “Today I’m going to announce there’s a group of us and we’re starting The Real News Correspondents Dinner. It will be across town from the other dinner, and we hope to have some big speakers,” Hoft announced, breaking news for which the crowd cheered wildly. Rally organizer Skoda opened the event at 11 a. m. by announcing that the rally was designed for peaceful expression, and that anyone not interested in abiding by that standard should leave the event. A plethora of conservative legislators and activists spoke for the next two hours, and the crowd maintained its enthusiasm throughout. Tennessee House Majority Leader State Rep. Glen Casada, a   of the rally, highlighted the reasons why Trump won the election, and why it was so important that conservatives and everyday Americans who voted him into the White House stand by him and help push through his agenda. Casada was followed by Rebecca Burke, a member of the Tennessee Republican Party State Executive Committee and a conservative firebrand, who outlined the many ways the election of Donald Trump will save America. Nashville talk radio host Ralph Bristol spoke about the patriotic hearts of supporters of Donald Trump. State Rep. Judd Matheny spoke on the need to keep the pressure on the politicians in both Washington and Nashville to support the Trump agenda. Matheny emphasized the importance of holding judges at both the state and federal level accountable for decisions that are not constitutional. There are three branches of government, Matheny noted, and the judiciary is just one of those three. It is not superior to the other two branches —  the executive and the legislative. Judges at the federal level who make decisions counter to the Constitution can and should be removed by the legislative branch, as is both their right and their duty, Matheny noted. State Sen. Mae Beavers spoke about the importance of defending religious liberty, particularly in regards to constant assaults on   values. Former Nashville talk radio host Steve Gill,   as the leader of   rallies that defeated the imposition of a state income tax in Tennessee, spoke about the need for activists and political leaders to fight back against any efforts to raise taxes. He specifically pointed out the need to fight back against Gov. Bill Haslam’s proposal to increase the gas tax by seven cents a gallon in the state. Tom Zawistowki, the Ohio Tea Party leader who was a driving force in the Tea Party for Trump project which partnered with the National Rifle Association in a    effort that was the turning point in Trump’s victory in the Buckeye State, thanked Tennesseans for their role in helping Trump win that key state. A small group of about a dozen protesters, many dressed in black, some wearing masks, attempted to disrupt the event, to little effect. One woman stole merchandise from one of the vendors selling Trump  . Though she ran away from the scene of the crime, she was apprehended and charged. Another protester vandalized the motorcycles parked near the stage by a group of bikers who support President Trump. That protester was taken to the ground by law enforcement officials before he was able to do much damage, and was also arrested."
"Both versions of President Trump’s executive order have been caricatured as a “Muslim ban,” even though they applied to only six or seven specific countries, leaving 90 percent of the world’s population out of the mix. [The fallback euphemism is to say that Trump is “banning” immigration (they never say it is conditional and temporary) from several “ ” countries. This is also misleading because those countries are not merely inhabited by a majority of Muslims. They are Muslim countries, period. They all have some form of Islamic law written into their legal codes.  With Iraq removed from the equation, the remaining nations affected by the order are Iran, Libya, Syria, Sudan, Yemen, and Somalia. The original executive order did not list the affected nations it merely referred to   legislation that named them as nations of particular concern. The revised version of the order does name the affected nations because it explains why each of them is on the list. The first version of the order did not mention Islam at all. The revised version does, but only to explain why the first order did not because this is not a “Muslim ban”: Executive Order 13769 did not provide a basis for discriminating for or against members of any particular religion. While that order allowed for prioritization of refugee claims from members of persecuted religious minority groups, that priority applied to refugees from every nation, including those in which Islam is a minority religion, and it applied to minority sects within a religion. That order was not motivated by animus toward any religion, but was instead intended to protect the ability of religious minorities  —   whoever they are and wherever they reside  —   to avail themselves of the USRAP in light of their particular challenges and circumstances. Islam is not a “minority religion” in any of the six countries named by the order. In fact, all six of them officially incorporate Islamic sharia law into their legal codes.  Of the six, Iran is an outright Islamic theocracy. Its Supreme Leader is the Ayatollah, a   Muslim cleric. Iran’s legal code is explicitly based on sharia, with a smattering of civil ordinances thrown in. Iranian courts have been known to invoke sharia for such judgments as requiring a woman to be blinded in retribution for throwing acid in a victim’s face. Iranian law nominally has some protections for religious minorities, but the absolute supremacy of Islam is not questioned. Observers have reported that religious freedom is growing steadily worse in the theocracy.   Libya is the most complex of the six nations to classify, because it does not have a functioning central government at all, following Barack Obama and Hillary Clinton’s disastrous intervention  —   a fact the mainstream media prefers not to dwell on. “Libya’s   legal system is in flux and driven by state and   entities,” as the CIA World Factbook tactfully puts it. The capital city of Tripoli was seized by an Islamist coalition, with the Muslim Brotherhood a major player. Another is Ansar   a Salafist Islamic militia. The presence of “sharia” in its name is not a coincidence they declared Libya an Islamic “caliphate” in 2014. There has been success in the battle against Libyan ISIS, but   is still a major player. U. N.  unity governments tend to include a lot of people from the more extreme wings of Libyan politics. They have to because Islamists are a powerful political force in the country. Another major force in chaotic Libya is widely described as a “secularist,” General Khalifa Haftar. Some observers wonder just how “secularist” he really is, especially if he gains control of the country and has to make deals with the powerful Islamist elements he is currently fighting. Haftar is an old Qaddafi hand, and while the late dictator is remembered as a brutal and mercurial secularist loathed by hardline Islamists in Libya, he was sometimes given to Islamist sentiments of his own. For instance, Qaddafi once declared Islam was the only universal human religion and said, “all those believers who do not follow Islam are losers. ” He named his son and   successor Saif  . Libya’s future is a question mark, but it is highly disingenuous to describe even its present state as merely “ . ” The interim Libyan constitution of 2011 begins with the invocation of “Allah, the Merciful, the Compassionate,” states that Islam is the official religion of the country, and declares “sharia shall be the main source of legislation. ” Until and unless a different constitution is put into effect by an   national government, Libya is a Muslim nation. Somalia officially imposed sharia law through its Cabinet in 2009. “Islamic Sharia is the only option to get solutions for the problems in this country,” one minister declared. Less than 0. 1% of the population follows a religion other than Islam. The Somali government banned Christmas celebrations in December 2015, because “having Muslims celebrate Christmas is not the right thing,” as a top official put it. He likened Christmas celebrations to apostasy and said they are “not in any way related to Islam. ” Foreigners were graciously allowed to celebrate Christmas in their homes, but even hotels were instructed to prevent guests from holding celebrations. The   terrorist organization thinks the central government is not Islamist enough and imposes an even harsher sharia code on the sizable portions of the country it effectively controls. Many of the people living under   control have told interviewers they support its legal code. Sudan is officially an Islamic state with a sharia legal code. Even the leaders of breakaway South Sudan, which want to return to a   system on the British model, have been struggling to purge sharia from the legal system. Sudan, like Somalia, is not “majority Muslim”  —   it is about 96% Muslim, and the 3% Christian minority is brutally persecuted, despite some nominal legal protection for other religions. World Atlas notes that “some interpretations of the Muslim Law in the country fail to recognize or accept apostasy and marriages to ” and concludes that “Sudan leads the world as the most difficult country for Christians since freedom of religion or belief is systematically ignored. ” Syria is an uncomfortable case, as some religious minorities say they fared much better under the Assad dictatorship. Some Syrian Christians bluntly refer to Bashar Assad as their “protector” and have similar hopes for the intervening Russians. Of course, critics of the brutal Syrian regime argue that Assad’s alliance with Christians is purely cynical, and even accuse him of inflaming the Christian fear of Muslims for political gain. Assad’s government is nominally secular, while even most of the “good guy” rebels supported by Western powers practice Islamic law through sharia courts. Syrians in contested areas complain that different sharia courts loyal to various factions, from “moderates” to hardcore   Islamists, issue conflicting verdicts.  At the height of the rebellion, many Syrians expressed a desire to replace the Syrian Arab Republic with an Islamic state. Then they found themselves saddled with the Islamic State, which may have led some of them to reconsider. However, there are still calls to impose sharia across Syria, portraying it as an instrument of peace and justice. Having said that, the constitution of the “secular” Syrian Arab Republic explicitly requires the president to be a Muslim, and requires that “Islamic jurisprudence shall be a major source of legislation. ” This was true of both the older constitution and the revised document prepared in 2012.  The same article declares “the State shall respect all religions, and ensure the freedom to perform all the rituals that do not prejudice public order,” but there is no question: Syria is a Muslim nation, not a “  nation. ” Islam enjoys a privileged position in its legal code that Western liberals would not tolerate without comment from any other religion. Yemen practices a mixture of sharia law and common law in what passes for its central government  —   which, of course, was overthrown by the Houthis, a Shiite Muslim insurgency supported by the Iranian theocracy. The internationally recognized Yemeni government has said the Houthis want to transform Yemen into a caliphate ruled by lineal descendants of Mohammed. Even Houthi spokesmen who strongly disagree with that characterization have said they think “sharia should be one of the main sources of the law in Yemen, not the only source. ” The large portions of Yemen controlled by   are noted for the strict rule of Islamic law, including the oppression of women.   regards the failure to strictly obey sharia as “debauchery. ” The Constitution of the Republic of Yemen explicitly declares it to be an Islamic state, and stipulates “sharia is the source of all legislation. ” Islam is unambiguously named as the official state religion. Denouncing Islam is a crime punishable by death. Over 99% of the population is Muslim. Iraq: Even though it is no longer listed in Trump’s executive order, it should be noted that Iraq is an explicitly Islamic nation, according to its 2005 constitution. “Islam is the official religion of the State and is a fundamental source of legislation,” Article 2 declares. “No law that contradicts the established provisions of Islam may be established. ” Religious freedom is nominally protected, as long as the supremacy of Islam is acknowledged by all: “This Constitution guarantees the Islamic identity of the majority of the Iraqi people and guarantees the full religious rights of all individuals to freedom of religious belief and practice such as Christians, Yazedis, and Mandi Sabeans. ” Some Iraqi clerics agitate for stricter adherence to sharia law, which introduces the dangerous question of whether Sunni or Shiite law should reign supreme. The incorporation of Sharia law into the legal codes of these countries occurs to a degree that would revolt the American Left, if any religion except Islam was involved. Rest assured that no one in today’s mainstream media would describe, say,   Spain as a “majority Catholic” nation. For that matter, they do not seem inclined to describe Israel as “majority Jewish” they simply refer to it as a “Jewish state. ” Israel is, in fact, only about 75% Jewish. A recent effort supported by Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu’s Likud party to formally define Israel as a Jewish state failed, in part due to concerns that it could lead to discriminatory policies against the Arab population. Its legal code includes extensive protection for religious minorities, and there are Muslim and Druze members of its parliament. Last November, one of them staged the Muslim call to prayer during a parliamentary session to protest a bill that would prevent all places of worship from using loudspeakers to summon their worshipers, because it was seen as unfairly targeting mosques. Equivalent stunts are unwise for members of religious minorities in “  nations,” including the six listed in President Trump’s executive order. In conclusion: all of the nations mentioned in both versions of President Trump’s executive order are Muslim countries, period. Every single one of them has Islam as the state religion and bases its legal code on sharia. Not a single one of these countries is a “ ” nation that practices full and complete religious pluralism under a secular government."
"The State of California reported that unemployment in Silicon Valley rose from 3. 4 to 3. 8 percent, as the area lost all 22, 000 jobs gained in 2016 in a single month. [Officially referred to by the State of California’s Employment Development Department (EDD) as the San    Clara Metropolitan Statistical Area, Silicon Valley stretches from Palo Alto in the north to Hollister in the south, covering all of Santa Clara and San Benito Counties.  The “Valley” had been the national leader in job creation over the last six years, with an unemployment rate that averaged   less than the United States and about half the unemployment rate for California. The unemployment rate was 3. 7 percent in Santa Clara County and 7. 4 percent in San Benito County. That compares to unemployment rates of 5. 5 percent for California and 5. 1 percent for the nation for the same period. EDD reported that between December 2016 and January 2017, combined employment rate in Silicon Valley fell on a   basis by 22, 000 jobs to 1, 075, 200 individuals. Trade, transportation, and utilities led the bloodbath by slashing 7, 000 jobs, retail dumped 5, 600 positions, professional and business services whacked 3, 200 jobs, educational services reduced payrolls by 2, 900 jobs and temporary employment services   1, 500 positions. In a statement of how widespread the rapid   is taking place in Silicon Valley, EDD reported that, “All other major industry groups either lost jobs or remained unchanged from December. ” The California jobless rate matched the best level in 10 years in January, but the state only added 9, 700 jobs. Breitbart News reported last month that California has been on net exporting its middle class citizens for decades. That trend accelerated to approximately 930, 000 net Californians leaving the Golden State between 2004 and 2015. Most left to seek better economic opportunities in Arizona, Texas, Nevada, Oregon, and Washington, according to the Census Bureau. The federal household survey estimated that 18, 176, 000 Californians were holding jobs in January. The number of unemployed Californian’s was 986, 000, down by 13, 000 in January and 90, 000 for the last year."
"BEIRUT (AFP)  —    French presidential candidate Marine Le Pen will visit Lebanon next week for talks with leaders of Paris’s former mandate territory, a Lebanese government source said Wednesday. [“Madame Le Pen will be in Beirut on the 19th and 20th, and will meet (President Michel) Aoun and (Prime Minister Saad) Hariri on Monday,” the source told AFP, speaking on condition of anonymity.  The latest polls for April’s presidential vote show Le Pen, who heads the   National Front (FN) party, leading with 27 percent in the first round, but she is not expected to triumph in a run off. At her campaign launch earlier this month, Le Pen vowed to put France first and to fight “terrorism” and she has called for dialogue with Syrian President Bashar  . Aoun, who was elected in October, had allied himself with powerful Shiite movement Hezbollah, which is fighting on behalf Assad’s government in Syria. Hariri on the other hand is fiercely opposed to the Assad regime, which he accuses of having assassinated his father, former prime minister Rafiq, in 2005. Le Pen in a magazine interview last month said Syrians were “waiting for  …     Assad to win this war against Islamist fundamentalists. ” Rival presidential hopeful and former economy minister Emmanuel Macron visited Beirut on January 24, where he met both Aoun and Hariri. While he did not call for an alliance with Assad,    centrist Macron advocated for a “balanced policy” towards the regime and the myriad rebels fighting it.   candidate Francois Fillon, dogged by revelations his wife Penelope was paid for years for a suspected fake job as a parliamentary aide, cancelled a visit early this month to Lebanon and Iraq. Paris had mandate power over Lebanon and neighbouring Syria during the first half of last century."
"A lawsuit has been filed after a maintenance technician working on a robotic assembly line was reportedly “trapped by robotic machinery” and crushed to death. [The Ionia   reports in July of 2015, Wanda Halbrook was performing routine duties as a maintenance technician on an assembly line at Ventra Ionia Main when a robot allegedly malfunctioned. The robot, which was designed to load a   assembly part, attempted to load the part where Halbrook stood, crushing her between it and another piece of machinery.  William Holbrook, Wanda’s husband, filed a wrongful death complaint in Michigan federal court last week naming five American companies involved in the manufacturing of the robot: Prodomax,    FANUC, Nachi, and Lincoln Electric. Holbrook was performing her regular maintenance in the auto plant where bumpers and trailer hitches are fitted by robotic machinery. A robot allegedly malfunctioned and loaded a piece of hardware directly onto Holbrook’s head, crushing her skull. She was eventually found by  . The lawsuit taken out by Holbrook’s husband alleges: The lawsuit alleges: The robot from section 130 should have never entered section 140, and should have never attempted to load a hitch assembly within a fixture that was already loaded with a hitch assembly. A failure of one or more of defendants’ safety systems or devices had taken place, causing Wanda’s death. The Occupation Safety and Health Administration (OSHA) states “studies indicate that many robot accidents occur during   operating conditions, such as programming, maintenance, testing, setup, or adjustment. During many of these operations the worker may temporarily be within the robot’s working envelope where unintended operations could result in injuries. ” Lucas Nolan is a reporter for Breitbart News covering issues of free speech and online censorship. Follow him on Twitter @LucasNolan_ or email him at lnolan@breitbart. com"
"For First Lady Melania Trump, summertime means bright, sophisticated ensembles fit for visits to a presidential retreat or for meetings with foreign leaders. [In her and President Donald Trump’s first trip to Camp David over the weekend, Melania opted for casual attire, pairing her famous tousled locks with a Gabriela Hearst   poplin dress.  In her   statement piece, Melania wrapped a brown leather belt around the dress and added dark shades and pointed brown leather flats.  Returning back from their Camp David weekend, Melania showed off her fashion muscles, as she clutched a $3, 400 Celine bag paired with $795 Manolo Blahnik Lauratopri stilettos. Melania paired down the luxury items with a white blouse, tucked into a pair of $188 J Brand jeans. Dark brown, reflectant aviator sunglasses topped off the First Lady’s look. Melania kept her   attire going into official White House business, donning a rich     crepe midi dress by Michael Kors to meet the President of Panama, Juan Carlos Varela. The Michael Kors dress retails for $1, 695 and was last seen on supermodel Cindy Crawford just days ago. Melania paired the dress with Christian Louboutin heels.   John Binder is a reporter for Breitbart News. Follow him on Twitter at @JxhnBinder. "
"Former Director of National Intelligence James Clapper told CNN’s Jake Tapper on Sunday that his earlier statements that there was no evidence of collusion between the Trump campaign and Russia should not be considered “exculpatory. ”[Clapper, appearing on on State of the Union, said that he had made his earlier claims based on information he had seen, which had not included information about an ongoing Federal Bureau of Investigation investigation.  “I deferred to the FBI director   …     So my statement was premised on, first, the context of our intelligence community assessment   …     There was no reporting in that intelligence community assessment about political collusion. ” He also said that his March 5 statement to Meet the Press that he had not seen any evidence of collusion had been made before former FBI Director James Comey had testified to Congress about the investigation. “I can’t refute it and I can’t confirm it,” Clapper said. (In his testimony on March 20, Comey would not answer whether there was evidence of collusion or coordination, but merely said the FBI was investigating that.) Tapper never asked Clapper whether he had come under pressure, since making his March 5 statement, to back away from his initial conclusions. Another former senior Obama administration official had likewise said there was no evidence of collusion between the Trump campaign and the Russian government. Former Acting CIA Director Michael Morell said on March 16: “On the question of the Trump campaign conspiring with the Russians here, there is smoke, but there is no fire, at all. ” A   New York Times report on Inauguration Day revealed that there were ongoing investigations into three Trump aids, but added that there was “no conclusive evidence of wrongdoing. ” Joel B. Pollak is Senior    at Breitbart News. He was named one of the “most influential” people in news media in 2016. He is the   of How Trump Won: The Inside Story of a Revolution, is available from Regnery. Follow him on Twitter at @joelpollak."
"A Time Warner shareholder accused CNN of acting like it was the part the “resistance” movement against President Donald Trump.  “I’m inquiring about CNN’s bias and our return on investment,” shareholder David Almasi reportedly told Time Warner CEO Jeff Bewkes during Thursday’s annual shareholders meeting. “Half the American public —  which includes potential and current CNN viewers —  voted for Trump last November and supports his agenda. CNN acts as if it is part of the   resistance. ” According to the Hollywood Reporter, “about half of the 300 people” at the annual shareholders meeting “applauded” Almasi while “several others later approached” him to “thank him for his questions. ” Almasi reportedly “cited data from the Media Research Center indicating that among the CNN panelists dissecting the May 9 firing of FBI director James Comey, 96 were   and seven were  . ” Time Warner is CNN’s parent company, and Bewkes also defended Time Warner’s support of the Trump assassination play being staged by The Public Theatre in New York. Bewkes reportedly said “we’re certainly not going to drop our support” when asked by a shareholder how the company could support the play after House Majority Whip Steve Scalise ( ) was shot. Bank of America and Delta Airlines recently dropped their support of the The Public Theatre’s Julius Caesar production —  which depicts a   Caesar character being brutally stabbed to death —  after strong backlash."
"Thursday on CNN’s “Anderson Cooper 360,” Harvard law professor Alan Dershowitz called into question the purpose of the Department of Justice naming Robert Mueller as a special counsel to investigate Russian involvement in the 2016 presidential election.  Dershowitz argued Mueller’s appointment would benefit Trump given that “collaborating with the Russians” to get elected wasn’t illegal and Mueller’s role would be to investigate illegalities. “[I] think he will be the beneficiary of the special prosecutor,” Dershowitz said. “A special prosecutor is supposed to investigate a crime and most of the things that have been leveled at the Trump administration are not criminal acts. Collaborating with the Russians to get yourself elected  —   not a criminal act. Terrible, morally wrong, but not criminal. The same thing is true with the leaking of the information to the Russians. ” Host Anderson Cooper and Dershowitz’s fellow panelists Jeffrey Toobin and Carl Bernstein argued the investigation should proceed, but Dershowitz insisted there wasn’t a criminal statute about what Trump and his campaign have been accused. “Let’s assume that that’s true  —   show me the criminal statute,” he said. “I still sit here as a civil libertarian. I don’t want us ever to become what Stalinist Russia became when Stalin was told by Lavrentiy Beria, ‘Show me the man and I’ll find you the crime.’ What is the crime?” Cooper said the question wasn’t whether or not it was illegal collusion or just collusion but if it occurred, to which Dershowitz said that wasn’t something over which Mueller would have jurisdiction. “[T]hat is a political issue, but that doesn’t give Mueller jurisdiction,” he added. “Mueller has no jurisdiction to explore whether he made political mistakes, did terrible things, engaged in wrongdoing. Only criminal acts. ” Follow Jeff Poor on Twitter @jeff_poor"
"Former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton continued her “sore loser” tour on Friday, telling Wellesley seniors that they were graduating “at a time when there is a   assault on truth and reason,” and likening the Trump administration to “authoritarian regimes throughout history. ”[History, evidently, is not Clinton’s best subject. She likened President Donald Trump to Richard Nixon, whom she said had been impeached. In fact, Nixon resigned.  After that glaring error  —   compounded by the fact that Clinton’s husband was only the second American president to be impeached  —   Clinton then went on to accuse the Trump administration of “defending themselves by talking about ‘alternative facts. ’” She then presented some more “alternative facts” of her own, calling Trump’s new budget “an attack of unimaginable cruelty on the most vulnerable among us” and “a   mathematical lie. ” She never explained what she meant  —   and she did not have to. Clinton was on friendly territory: her alma mater, a liberal arts college, a largely female audience. But there was something more than politics in her remarks. There was a desire to settle scores. She even mentioned “Pizzagate,” a conspiracy theory alleging that Clinton associates were running a pedophilia ring. And she dinged Trump for disputing “the size of crowds” at his inauguration. It was a petty, petulant performance. Clinton dwelled on the past, on an occasion devoted to the future. In a bitterly divisive speech, she accused Trump of fomenting division. America had disappointed her, and so young Americans had to bear the burden. She tried to conclude on an inspiring note: “[I]t’s often during the darkest times when you can do the most good,” she said. It was a reminder of how much darker these times would have been had she won. Joel B. Pollak is Senior    at Breitbart News. He was named one of the “most influential” people in news media in 2016. He is the   of How Trump Won: The Inside Story of a Revolution, is available from Regnery. Follow him on Twitter at @joelpollak."
"Jerry Jones is like a fine wine that only gets better with age. That’s if you ask Jerry Jones, of course. [In an interview with the Fort Worth   Jones made the case that he’s better now than ever before.  Jones said, “I have just got a lot more to offer today than I did 25 years ago. I’m not bragging. I am just saying it’s from sheer input. And I’m thankful I have got the health and thankful that I’ve got the enthusiasm. I should be better. Not only should I be better in the draft room, but I should be better in almost any aspect. ” Speaking about his age, Jones said, “One of the things I don’t do is I don’t look in mirrors because I think I look like you do. I think I can do the same thing you can do out there. . . . What is amazing to me, I have never felt like I have worked a day in the last 28, 29 years. I’m not patronizing you guys, but I’m having fun right now. ” Jones’ draft room performance last year was quite on point when he selected the two rookies, Dak Prescott and Ezekiel Elliott, who were most visibly responsible for Dallas’ playoff run. Jones also has to be given credit for winning the Tony Romo retirement scenario. According to Pro Football Talk, Jones lobbied CBS hard to hire Romo, which might turn out to be a great thing for Romo in the long run. But, the hire was a coup for Jones, who managed to keep his extremely capable quarterback from signing with a team that could hurt Dallas. However, Jones also had some misses in his career. After all, this is the same Jerry Jones who had to be restrained from drafting Johnny Manziel, and the same Jones who gambled huge on players with serious character issues, only to have those players leave the Cowboys without providing the championships that would justify all the headaches they had caused. And, of course, there’s Jones decision to part ways with Jimmy Johnson after the Cowboys won two Super Bowls with him in the early 90’s. While no one will ever know for sure, the Cowboys team Johnson assembled could have won four or five Super Bowls. It could have been the Patriots before the Patriots. But, again, we’ll never know, because Jones’ inability to work with Johnson led to their “divorce. ” If Jones can manage to win a Super Bowl with a team not assembled by Jimmy Johnson, it will go a long way towards solidifying his legacy. Follow Dylan Gwinn on Twitter: @themightygwinn"
"President Donald Trump’s executive order freezing refugee resettlement enjoys support from significant majorities of voters, a poll provided exclusively to Breitbart News reveals. [McLaughlin  Associates, which polled for Trump’s presidential campaign, asked voters: “Do you approve or disapprove of President Trump’s executive order to stop immigration for 90 days from the following failed Middle Eastern Countries: Iran, Iraq, Libya, Somalia, Sudan, Syria, and Yemen so we can increase our security checks of these refugees?” A majority, 57 percent said they approved of Trump’s executive order, while 37 percent disapproved.  Of those who favored President Trump, 90 percent backed his executive order, while only six percent disapproved. Over a quarter of voters who viewed him unfavorably of him, 26 percent, still supported his executive order while 67 percent disapproved. Republican voters overwhelmingly back the president: 88 percent support his executive order. Meanwhile, 53 percent of independents —  and 31 percent of Democrats —  also support an immigration pause that allows the U. S. to tighten security checks on refugees coming from unstable,   countries. Similarly, 81 percent of conservatives, 50 percent of moderates, and 32 percent of liberals also support the executive order. Then, McLaughlin  Associates expanded on Trump’s executive order in a detailed   question: The Trump administration is trying to ban terrorists. The terrorists happen to be Islamic radicals. These terrorists happen to get their support and come from certain Middle East countries who are majority Muslim. Without penalizing all Muslims, we need to screen out possible terrorists from the refugees coming to the United States. Since the current FBI and Homeland Security Directors, cannot certify that a refugee from these seven countries is not a terrorist, do you agree or disagree that we need to pause and take a 90 day break from allowing refugees from these countries to enter the U. S. until a system is in place that assures that each refugee is not a threat to Americans?   percent of voters agreed that the U. S. should take a   breather in order to better screen out potential terrorists.   percent disagreed. Meanwhile, 87 percent of Republicans, 40 percent of Democrats, and 59 percent of independents agreed. The second question, with its neutral explanation of the migration freeze also mustered more support from moderates: 60 percent agreed, compared to 36 percent of liberals and 82 percent of conservatives. By contrast, overheated media reports falsely labeled the refugee resettlement pause as a “Muslim ban,” fueling hysteria and emotional protests. Republican strategist John McLaughlin said it was important to frame the question in a neutral manner. “It’s really a terrorist ban,” McLaughlin told Breitbart News. “They’re portraying it as a Muslim ban. It’s not. It’s not. We dealt with this during the campaign when they were trying to portray it as a Muslim ban. It was really a terrorist ban. ” “They won’t call it a terrorist ban, because it would be popular,” he added. The poll also sampled slightly more Democrats than Republicans —  36 percent to 33 percent —  and questioned more Hillary Clinton voters than Trump voters, according to McLaughlin. “If you look at this objectively, the president has full majority approval,” McLaughlin said. “If someone is trying to spin this into something it’s not, they’re playing politics and they’re just trying to play politics with national security. ” The poll, commissioned by Secure America Now, surveyed 1, 000 likely voters online from Feb. 2 to Feb. 6 with a margin of error of plus or minus 3. 1 percentage points, and a confidence level of 95 percent."
"An environmental group and an Arizona Democrat legislator have filed the first lawsuit against President Donald Trump’s border wall, though the case may be thrown out. [The San Diego   reports that the Center for Biological Diversity, a   national environmental group along, with Rep. Raúl Grijalva, ( ) the highest ranking member of the House Committee on Natural Resources, filed a legal challenge Wednesday against the Trump’s administration over its proposed U. S.  border wall, which will reportedly start in San Diego County.  The lawsuit specifically names the U. S. Department of Homeland Security (DHS) which has been soliciting bids for the wall project. The agency informed Breitbart News that it is standard procedure to not comment on any pending litigation. The Hill reports that the lawsuit focuses on a requirement by Department of Homeland Security to draft a new environmental review to examine the impacts of the wall on the environment. “Trump’s border wall will divide and destroy the incredible communities and wild landscapes along the border,” Kierán Suckling, the group’s executive director, said in a Wednesday statement, reported by The Hill.  “Endangered species like jaguars and ocelots don’t observe international boundaries and should not be sacrificed for unnecessary border militarization,” he added. The lawsuit’s prospects are not promising, but the goal may be to delay, rather than stop, the building of the wall.  A law passed in 2006  —   the same year the the Secure Fence Act became law  —   will likely trump the legal action.  It gives DHS a waiver from environmental laws that hamper construction everywhere else in California, granting the department tremendous latitude in the border region in the name of national security. In recent months, the border wall, which was a controversial linchpin of President Trump’s campaign, has become the symbol of resistance to his policies. Pension funds in California are threatening to divest from any company that participates in building the border wall, and the California legislature is planning to consider a lifetime ban from state contracts against any company that works on the wall. In an interesting side note, a Los Angeles Times report noted that one contractor addressed threats to wildlife  —   raised by the lawsuit and Democrat lawmakers alike  —   with an innovative design that allows some animals to cross over the wall. Tim Donnelly is a former California State Assemblyman and author who is doing a book tour for his new book: Patriot Not Politician: Win or Go Homeless. He ran for governor in 2014. FaceBook: https:  . facebook. . donnelly.  Twitter:  @PatriotNotPol"
"The California Department of Motor Vehicles just gave notice that it is moving to allow commercial operation of   test vehicles that operate without   drivers at the wheel. [Senate Bill 1298, which passed in 2012, authorized the California DMV to begin adopting the regulatory authority to approve the operation of autonomous (better known as  ) vehicles on California roads.  The DMV issued preliminary regulations in 2014, and is currently allowing 28 manufactures to test   cars on public roads and thoroughfares, as long as there is a   driver behind the wheel to respond to any emergency that might arise. The March 10 move by the DMV represents an acceleration of the    for the auto manufacturers and Silicon Valley entrepreneurs that hope to dominate the autonomous vehicle market in California, where there are 25. 9 million licensed drivers and 34. 3 million legally operating vehicles. The DMV release states that “autonomous technology has proceeded to the point where manufacturers have developed systems that are capable of operating without the presence of a driver inside the vehicle. ” According to Boston Consulting Group (BCG) the annual worldwide market for partially and   vehicles will be 12 million units, at a value of $42 billion, by 2025. By 2035, sales are expected to top 18 million vehicles at a value of $77 billion. BCG suggests that the first generation of commercially operated autonomous vehicles will be   that provide     connectivity to main   nodes in cities such as Los Angeles, New York, London, Paris and Shanghai. These vehicles will charge small fees and will likely be owned and operated by mobility providers such as taxi service operators,   services and new technology sector entrants. But as the service becomes more widely accepted, motor vehicle original equipment manufacturers (OEM) will begin renting directly to commuters by the minute or the mile for    transportation services that will allow passengers to work or be entertained during the trip. BCG estimates that in New York, for example, the cost of conveying one passenger one mile by   would be 35 percent less than conventional taxi or Uber ride.   will become   by offering separate, private compartments for passengers going in the same direction. BCG calculates that commuter train services seem doomed, because   at a shared occupancy of 2 passengers will be cheaper than the full cost of carrying passengers on government subsidized public transit.   automation technology that includes    communication and route optimization will dramatically increase vehicle flows on public roads. Depending on annual driving mileage and car occupancy, all but very rural commuters could find   more economical than owning and operating a private vehicle. The BCG predicts that adoption of   will result in a marked reduction in the total number of cars on the road within cities, ease traffic congestion, and improve urban land use as parking infrastructure is repurposed for more lucrative activity. The announcement by the California DMV that it is amending the   regulatory structure to allow full autonomous testing without a standby driver initiates a 120 comment period for interested parties to provide input or contest the move. Most of the opposition to   vehicle testing has come from cities that are furious about Uber undermining the huge medallion revenue they once collected to approve the number of taxis. But the future looks challenging for Uber, because the players that will dominate   are giant   companies that want to own and operate massive pools of autonomous vehicles."
"President Donald Trump criticized American government officials for leaking sensitive classified information, promising to prosecute the leakers to the “fullest extent of the law. ”[“The alleged leaks coming out of government agencies are deeply troubling,” Trump said in a statement. “The leaks of sensitive information pose a grave threat to our national security. ”  Trump’s statement was released in reaction to the news that British police officers would no longer share information related to the Manchester bombing suspects after it was leaked to the American media. In response, British Prime Minister Theresa May stated she would address their concerns during a meeting with Trump on Thursday. “I will make clear to President Trump that intelligence shared between our security agencies must remain secure,” she said. Trump said he would ask the Department of Justice to review the recent leaks and prosecute them. “I am asking the Department of Justice and other relevant agencies to launch a complete review of this matter, and if appropriate, the culprit should be prosecuted to the fullest extent of the law,” he said. Trump also specifically signaled support for the relationship between Britain and the United States. “There is no relationship we cherish more than the special relationship between the United States and the United Kingdom,” he said."
"Former Alaska Gov. Sarah Palin, who was wrongly and inaccurately blamed when Rep. Gabby Giffords ( ) was shot several years ago, is standing up for Sen. Bernie Sanders of Vermont saying he is personally not responsible for the actions of his apparent supporter. [Palin, in an exclusive statement to Breitbart News, called for the media industry to be more careful than they were back when Giffords was shot —  specifically asking for “media integrity” when it comes to learning the motives of the shooter of House Majority Whip Steve Scalise at the GOP congressional baseball practice on Wednesday morning.  “Prayers for healing are raised for all victims of today’s horrific violence, while we with lift up thankfulness that lives were not lost,” Palin told Breitbart News. “While justice is now sought upon the capture of the deranged attacker, an additional prayer must be for no acceptance of a rush to destroy anyone else in this horrible incident. Those seeking political advantage reacted so recklessly and irresponsibly the last time a member of Congress was brutally attacked, as media inexplicably played a   blame game assuming that attacker’s motives. Today’s shooter appears to be a Bernie Sanders supporter and campaign volunteer. But Bernie Sanders is not to blame. Maybe the media have matured enough to allow coverage of this most recent violence to focus on facts, because media integrity will be crucial as America witnesses today’s events unfolding and, on behalf of our Congressional Representatives, we all seek justice. ” Palin’s call for unity, and media responsibility —  and her statement standing up for Sanders despite the shooter being a Sanders supporter —  comes after she has been the target of vitriolic media rhetoric for years. Perhaps the worst example of the media targeting Palin was in the wake of the shooting of Giffords, where Palin was blamed inaccurately. Republicans and Democrats in Washington are calling for unity in the wake of this latest shooting, and for an end to the leftist and media driven vitriol in the national debate. While there are some initial signs of unity —  from President Donald Trump’s reaction to House Speaker Paul Ryan’s and Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi’s to even Sanders’ statement and now this statement from Palin —  it remains to be seen how long this will last. American leaders on both sides of the aisle —  Republican and Democrat —  tell Breitbart News they hope that moving forward Americans of all political stripes can work together."
"(Reuters)  —   A variety of online services from Microsoft Corp suffered outages for several hours on Tuesday across Western Europe and the Eastern United States, according to the company’s technical support sites. [Among the services affected were Microsoft’s email service Outlook. com, its Office 365 online software, Xbox Live gaming service and Skype, according to their official websites.  An Office 365 technical support site said the issue, which prevented some Outlook. com users from gaining access to their mailboxes, began around 1057 GMT on Tuesday. “We’re investigating an issue in which some users may be unable to access or use Outlook. com services or feature,” a notice on the Office 365 site said (here). Later, as the service returned, it said “Everything is up and running. ” Read the rest of the story at Reuters."
"“They Shall Not Pass” is the first expansion for EA and DICE’s World War I   shooter, Battlefield 1. [The expansion adds the French army to the game’s multiplayer, along with new maps, weapons, vehicles, and a brand new game mode, Frontlines.  “Experience a mix of Conquest and Rush as you fight for chained control points in a    frontline,” DICE explains about the new Frontlines mode. “Both teams fight for one flag at a time and when this objective is captured the action moves on to the next. Capture the enemy’s HQ control point and the game turns into a   section where telegraph posts need to be attacked or defended. ” They Shall Not Pass will be available to Battlefield 1 Premium Pass owners on March 14.    "
"Attorney Robert Barnes appeared on Monday’s Breitbart News Daily to talk about President Trump’s allegation that the Obama administration wiretapped him during the 2016 presidential campaign. Barnes’s latest article on the subject for LawNewz is entitled “Yes, There Could Be Serious Legal Problems if Obama Admin Involved in Illegal Surveillance. ”[“The allegations that Trump raises are allegations that derive directly from what the newspapers have reported  —   the Guardian, BBC, Heat Street, the New York Times, the Washington Post, where they all talk about there being an interagency panel of people who were involved in an investigation, who purportedly requested and obtained various means of intercepting phone calls,” Barnes explained.  “So there have been competing stories, and on Sunday, they got even more complicated, as both Clapper and Comey denied any knowledge of any wiretapping presence,” he continued. “Their denials went a little further than Obama’s himself, where all he said was that he himself didn’t personally order something  —   which was a rather absurd   because the president doesn’t directly order things of that nature. His surrogates or delegates do. ”  “The issue goes right to: why, at any time, was anybody’s phone calls being intercepted that were on the Trump team, that are American citizens?” he said. “The various news stories that are out, including one by Andrew McCarthy, who recounts them for the National Review, there’s just no legal grounds for any of that surveillance to be taking place. There’s no legal grounds for any of those calls to be intercepted. ”  “The original pretext was that FISA warrants were obtained in October for some limited capacity of Trump surrogates,” Barnes recalled. “The problem is FISA’s a very limited law, especially if you are talking about U. S. citizens. If you’re talking about foreigners, then the breadth of the law is very broad, and the president can, in fact, intercept and surveil foreign activities at a much wider degree because of a limited application of the Fourth Amendment  —   although the Ninth Circuit doesn’t seem to understand the limits of the Constitution as to foreigners, but that’s another story. ”  “The issue he raises is critical and essential, and it’s been ever since these stories started leaking out,” he said of McCarthy’s writing. “Aside from the criminality of the leaks, it was that this is information that never should have been gathered in the first place. What FISA requires is that if you’re going to intercept a call where an American is on the line at any level, then what you have to do is you have to go through certain protocols, and you have to establish basically probable cause that the person is involved in criminal conduct of some sort. Just the fact that I, as a U. S. citizen, am talking to a foreigner does not allow magically the Fourth Amendment to disappear as to my right to privacy. ”  “And yet, purportedly, that’s what effectively took place here because here you had Sally Yates discussing a transcript of a call that involved former NSA assistant Michael Flynn, and that’s information that never should have been in her possession or custody,” he observed.  “Just because one of the people on the phone call may have been not a U. S. citizen, that’s no legal grounds to intercept an American’s communications. Another way to think of it is, sometimes you’ll see in the movies where the guy is sitting in a van, and he’s listening in on a phone conversation on a wiretap, and the person he’s listening to shifts to some personal conversation, maybe of an intimate nature, that has nothing to do with the criminal investigation going on. You’ll see him turn off the recording device and put down his headphones,” he explained.  “If it happens that the manner and method of interception was something that you couldn’t physically do that, then what you’re supposed to do is to scrub the information and delete it from the record. In fact, an   officer wrote an article for American Conservative documenting that that was always the protocol and procedure, whenever they were involved in an   investigation. Yet apparently here, according to published reports, what they actually did is they went and they not only kept the information, didn’t scrub it or delete it, they deliberately went back and saved it, and then shared it with a bunch of other people who had no authority to ever look at it,” said Barnes.  “FISA is very particular about this,” he noted. “It requires protection of any innocent American’s information that ever may be gathered through this process. You have to not only scrub it and delete it you cannot disseminate it to people. You can’t identify the individual that’s being sourced in the investigation. And the failure to follow FISA’s strict procedures is actually a crime. FISA section 1809 of Title 50 makes it a criminal penalty to either gather the information outside of FISA’s procedures or to disseminate it outside of FISA’s procedures. ”  “So President Trump is correct that it appears that’s what took place here, based on published reports, headlines in the New York Times that use the words ‘intercepted calls’ involving Trump advisers who are American citizens. It raises very serious issues, and he’s absolutely right to raise them,” Barnes said. SiriusXM host Alex Marlow noted that President Obama’s denial of Trump’s wiretapping accusation was “thin. ”  “It clearly leads to many more questions than it answers,” Marlow said. “Oh, absolutely,” Barnes agreed. “There’s different parts of it that are problematic. The first thing is that if he was being serious about a denial, you simply issue a   statement. You say, ‘I am not aware of any wiretapping that took place on Mr. Trump or his campaign, and I would not have supported such a wiretap had it occurred.’ He could have been very broad. It’s interesting that Comey and Clapper were much more specific and particular than Obama was. ” “The second aspect where there were some ludicrous claims included therein, such as the White House never engaging in electronic surveillance of a United States citizen,” he continued. “Well, as Andrew McCarthy and other attorneys have pointed out, and other people familiar with the national security operation have pointed out, Obama   American citizens in various foreign locations around the world while he was president, including one in Yemen quite prominently. There’s no way you can actually do that without some form of surveillance on the individuals. It’s not like you had a global map tattooed on the wall, and you took a dart and threw it at the map, and said, ‘Oh, okay, we’ll   there. ’”  “The fact that he didn’t deny the existence of the wiretap, did not deny his awareness of it, did not deny his approval of it, and then made clearly materially false or misleading statements about his engagement and involvement with surveillance of American citizens  —   and this coming on top of Clapper committing perjury previously before Congress that led to Ed Snowden becoming Ed Snowden  …    I mean, Ed Snowden probably never becomes Ed Snowden if Clapper doesn’t commit perjury, and then, Obama’s reaction to Clapper’s perjury was to promote him, rather than to demote him, about spying on American citizens,” said Barnes. After playing a recording of former Director of National Intelligence James Clapper flatly denying the existence of any FISA court order relating to Trump Tower, Marlow asked, “Do we care what this guy says? He’s a known liar. ” “I think that is problematic about Clapper in particular. He’d be the least likely guy you would want to put up as a credible source for the administration,” Barnes replied. “But what he really also did at the same time was that he gutted the sort of defense that Obama could have had. Because here you have these stories that come out about intercepted calls, and Clapper goes on TV and says there’s actually no legal grounds for any intercepted calls to be taking place, at least not through the FISA authority, which is exactly what was being cited as the reason it was done. ” “Actually, Clapper’s answer raises even more questions. Either (a) Clapper’s lying, which is always possible, or (b) Clapper is being truthful, which means all these intercepted calls were done entirely illegally and off the books, or (c) it was done through the Department of Justice in some entirely different manner that would put Obama right in the middle of it,” he said. “In other words, if it wasn’t done as some sort of national security matter, but was simply done in some sort of disguised investigation that was a politically motivated means of monitoring your adversaries,” Barnes elaborated. “So he ended up opening more Pandora’s Box than he closed it. ” Marlow played an excerpt from an interview given by former Bush administration Attorney General Michael Mukasey, in which he essentially said President Trump’s accusation that President Obama directly ordered surveillance on Trump Tower might be “incorrect” in the details, but Trump was “right” to believe a surveillance operation could have been in progress. Barnes said Mukasey did “accurately relay what has been reported to the press, which is this request for a FISA warrant in the summer that was rejected because it put Trump’s name in the warrant request. ” “To give you an idea of how rare that is, if that did occur, is that the last   requests for the FISA court to issue a warrant, it’s only been denied 12 prior times, to public knowledge,” he noted.  “According to the published reports, they went back in October and simply left Trump’s name off of it, slightly limited it, and got it,” he said of the FISA request in question. “Now, Clapper’s statement completely denies that ever occurred in terms of October, in terms of ever getting any FISA warrant on anybody connected to, in his own words, the Trump campaign. So there’s a major discrepancy present. ” “Secondly, the one area where he doesn’t quite correctly describe the situation: there is some misleading information out there that the government can just tap the phones of anyone involved who’s working on any level on behalf of a foreign government, by any means. Well, if that had been the case, everybody at the Clinton Foundation should have been tapped permanently,” Barnes said. “Putting that aside, the actual law requires that they not only be, quote, ‘an agent of a foreign power,’ but if they’re a United States person, there has to be evidence that they’re engaged in criminal activities of a particular kind. ”  “So they couldn’t just wiretap Michael Flynn, for example, or listen in on his conversations, even if the person on the other line is not a United States person. They have to have evidence that he was engaged in criminal conduct. That is what was problematic, as soon as the Flynn story broke, was there was no grounds for them to have ever recorded him, kept the recording, or shared the recording. FISA law specifically prohibited it under those set of circumstances,” he explained.  “That’s the illegal aspect of what’s going on. It’s not just the political motivation that would be impermissible or inappropriate because it would be First Amendment punitive use, misuse of the search warrant authority. But it actually violates what warrant authority they could ever obtain in the first place, under both the First and Fourth Amendments, and under the FISA law itself,” he said. Barnes said the reported request from FBI Director James Comey for the Justice Department to refute Trump’s wiretapping accusation was “an interesting set of statements. ” “There were three different interpretations of Comey and Clapper combined coming out and saying that,” he suggested. “One interpretation was that they were not being fully forthcoming and that it was a message to their underlings that they were not going to be the ones to take the fall if any such activity took place, and that those underlings could take   actions in terms of whatever evidence may remain of that. ”  “One   story last week was that Trump put out a requirement that everybody connected to the story keep all information,” he noted. “He did this before he did his tweets, but his motivation may have been to actually prove and document this illicit activity took place. ” “The second interpretation of what Clapper and Comey did is that they were both kept in the dark  —   that you had a sort of a rogue operation of people, including Sally Yates at the Department of Justice, who circumvented both Comey and Clapper in order to engage in this sort of illicit personal surveillance,” he continued. “I’ve been on the opposite side of Sally Yates in cases where she was at the U. S. Attorney’s Office in Atlanta,” Barnes revealed. “If you were going to pick an unethical, corrupt prosecutor, she’d be at the top of the list. She tried to help railroad a family there, in a case I dealt with over ten years. ” “The third possibility is that this was just unlawful surveillance,” he concluded. “I’ve had a lot of cases like that, especially under the Obama administration. It became too frequent and too regular that you had agents that were just doing illegal surveillance, without ever notifying their supervisors, without ever obtaining judicial authority, without ever doing it legally at all. And so you may have had an operation that was a true Deep State kind of operation, that was just doing unlawful surveillance. ” “There’s too much information, like some of the criticism of President Trump. Well, people should be critical then of the New York Times because it was their story that said there was intercepted calls of multiple members of Donald Trump’s campaign. That was, I think, the story that ran on Valentine’s Day, actually. It was in the very first sentence of the story. So either the New York Times was purely fake news or somebody in the government is lying about what they were up to,” Barnes summarized. Breitbart News Daily airs on SiriusXM Patriot 125 weekdays from 6:00 a. m. to 9:00 a. m. Eastern. LISTEN: "
"When the IRS scandal broke in 2013, Democrats initially claimed to be as outraged as Republicans that the federal government had singled out conservative   groups for scrutiny, delay, and investigation. [But it was quickly made clear that Democrats had urged the IRS to do exactly what it did, in violation of the law. President Barack Obama and his party quickly pivoted to use the scandal to renew their attacks on conservative 501( c)4   groups.  Now, California’s new Attorney General, Xavier Becerra, intends to pick up that effort where it left off, pursuing   groups that he claims are doing more political work than charity or social welfare work. Capitol Public Radio points out that “most of the top   political spenders in 2016 were conservative organizations, and an attempt by California’s Democratic attorney general to crack down on them could be politically fraught. ” However, it is unlikely that Becerra  —   one of the most partisan Democrats in his career on Capitol Hill  —   will target    . In 2014, in fact, the Washington Examiner named Becerra to its list of “six top Democrats covering for the IRS. ” It noted that during hearings on the IRS, he apologized to the IRA commissioner for what he called an “inquisition. ” He also suggested, falsely, that liberal groups had been equally targeted by conservative groups for additional scrutiny. (The IRS did examine a small number of liberal groups, but they were all approved for   status it singled out hundreds of conservative groups, whose applications were held up and never approved, or only approved much later.) Becerra’s predecessor, Sen. Kamala Harris ( ) also pursued conservative groups. She tried, and failed, to force Americans for Prosperity to reveal its donors. Becerra aims to continue that, undeterred by the IRS scandal’s lessons. Joel B. Pollak is Senior    at Breitbart News. He was named one of the “most influential” people in news media in 2016. He is the   of How Trump Won: The Inside Story of a Revolution, is available from Regnery. Follow him on Twitter at @joelpollak."
"A newly posted United States Navy doctor who serves as the senior medical officer at the American military prison in Guantánamo Bay, Cuba, said the detention center might offer U. S.   gender transition assistance. [“Anything that a detainee requests from a medical standpoint, we will consider,” said the North   family medicine physician, identified only as Cmdr. SMO 2, reports the Miami Herald. “You know, we haven’t gotten there. But it is 2017. ”  His comments came in response to a visiting reporter’s question. Rear Adm. Edward Cashman, the commander at the Guantánamo prison known as Gitmo, told reporters Sunday that he had no doubt U. S. military medicine could meet the challenge, notes the Herald. However, Cmdr. Cashman conceded any decision about whether to honor such a request “would reside with policymakers in Washington, DC, about their willingness to finance and execute that. ” “We have good facilities and we have the ability to get the expertise to do just about anything” at the Guantánamo detention center, which houses 5, 000 residents, 1, 500 of them assigned to Cashman’s staff and a small   U. S. Navy hospital. The gender transition is not part of the list of possible scenarios that the Guantánamo prison, known as Gitmo, is weighing in its   healthcare needs for the 41 jihadists currently held there, who range in age from the   to nearly 70. Nevertheless, if it came up, “that’s something I would have to address with the patient individually, figure out what needs we would have to do to meet that,” declared Cmdr. SMO 2. Considerations would include “where behavioral health would fit in,” he added, alluding to Gitmo’s mental health unit, “where the medications fit in and what kind of monitoring we’d have. But we’re not there yet. ” A Muslim man identified only as Zaki, Gitmo’s   cultural adviser, described the gender transition query “a unique question,” saying, “We never heard it before. ” Zaki said that during his   at Guantánamo, they “haven’t had any obvious problems sexually. ” He stated, “We haven’t seen it like you see in the prisons, rape, and that stuff. We have guards 24 hours a day. We have cameras. But we haven’t had a problem. They all get tested. We haven’t had anybody with AIDS. ” Former soldier Bradley Manning, now known as Chelsea, received American   hormone therapy at the Leavenworth, Kansas, military prison and had been permitted to wear female undergarments while serving time for leaking documents that placed people’s lives in danger. Army Col. Stephen Gabavics, the warden at Gitmo, indicated that if he had to handle a transgender prisoner, he would employ the policy the U. S. military prison at Fort Leavenworth had developed to deal with Manning. At Guantánamo, someone similarly situated might be segregated, but “the conditions of confinement, or in this case detention, would be the same,” declared Gabavics. Various prisons across America offer hormone therapy and even gender reassignment surgery for inmates. Although Navy Cmdr. John Robinson, a spokesman for Gitmo, said the senior medical officer “didn’t say” the gender transition would take place at Guantánamo, Congress has prohibited the transfer of a Gitmo detainee to the United States for any reason, including trial, testimony, or medical treatment."
"President Donald Trump responded to critics of the Republican budget agreement with Democrats, suggesting that he would be open to a government shutdown in September. [“Our country needs a good ‘shutdown’ in September to fix mess!” he wrote on Twitter.  Trump explained that part of the reason for Republican compromises in the budget was that he needed enough Democrat votes for it to meet the   threshold in the Senate. “The reason for the plan negotiated between the Republicans and Democrats is that we need 60 votes in the Senate which are not there!” he wrote. But Trump also urged voters to give him a   majority in the Senate to help pass his agenda. “We either elect more Republican Senators in 2018 or change the rules now to 51 percent,” he wrote. In an interview on Monday, Trump appeared pleased with the budget deal, despite Democratic priorities blocking funding for the wall on the southern border and continuing to fund Planned Parenthood. “We’re very happy with it,” Trump said, arguing that he had won $1. 5 billion for border security. “And I think it’s important that we keep moving along. I think both sides are happy. ”"
"While sentencing Idahoan Logan John Urrizaga to 15 years in prison, Fifth District Judge Randy Stoker said he would have shot Urrizaga dead if he had broken into his house. [Urrizaga’s sentencing stemmed from September 2016 charges of beating a victim with a baseball bat. KSL reports the sentence will “run concurrent to a November burglary charge” and will be served in Idaho’s “retained jurisdiction program. ”  Magic Valley reports that Urrizaga turned away while Judge Stoker was talking and began whispering to his attorney. At that point, Stoker told him to pay attention and said, “If you would have broken into my home in the middle of the night, you’d be dead. I would have shot you. ” After being sentenced, Urrizaga asked to have a few days before turning himself in so that he could spend those days with his fiancée and    son. He also asked if he could give his fiancée and son a hug. Stoker denied both requests and said, “I understand that you have some stability in the community, but I’m taking you out of the community. You are going into the rider program because you need to understand the inner workings of the Idaho State Penitentiary. ” Cassia County chief deputy prosecutor McCord Larsen said Urrizaga wrote a “wonderful” apology letter to his beating victim, but Larsen claimed that Urrizaga followed that letter with social media posts belittling the victim. AWR Hawkins is the Second Amendment columnist for Breitbart News and host of Bullets with AWR Hawkins, a Breitbart News podcast. He is also the political analyst for Armed American Radio. Follow him on Twitter: @AWRHawkins. Reach him directly at awrhawkins@breitbart. com."
"Blaire White, a transgender YouTuber and critic of cultural marxism, was hit with a   ban on her Facebook page for “violating Facebook policies” but given no reason as to why the ban was implemented. However, after Breitbart News reached out to Facebook for comment, White’s ban was lifted. [White revealed her ban from Facebook through her Twitter account on Tuesday evening:  I’ve been suspended from Facebook for a month, so don’t expect to see me there. I can’t stop accidentally doing wrongthink 😢😢 pic. twitter.   —   BLAIRE WHITE 💋 (@MsBlaireWhite) February 21, 2017,  White told Breitbart News, “Facebook has repeatedly shown their dedication to censoring libertarian and conservative pages. They’ve also shown that their claim to want to protect minorities is disingenuous, as they have no problem booting minorities from their website if they have the wrong opinion. ” Facebook has previously temporarily suspended other   justice figures for going against the mainstream leftist narrative. Libertarian commentator Lauren Southern was also suspended for 30 days for questioning the ban of another Trump supporter. After reaching out to Facebook for comment on the situation, a representative stated that “this was a mistake. Her account should be restored and she should be able to use it normally. ” Many other pages and people have had their permanent bans or suspensions lifted following Breitbart reporting most recently, the popular comedy page Polandball, which faced permanent deletion, was reinstated after Breitbart coverage. Jack Hadfield is a student at the University of Warwick and a regular contributor to Breitbart Tech. You can follow him on Twitter @ToryBastard_ or on Gab @JH."
"James T. Hodgkinson, the suspect in the shooting attack on a Republican baseball practice on Wednesday morning, was reportedly a member of a group called “Terminate the Republican Party. ”[Hodgkinson wounded four, including House Majority Whip Steve Scales ( ) before succumbing to his injuries sustained in gunfire exchanges with police.  The Belleville   a newspaper in Hodgkinson’s former hometown of Belleville, Illinois, reports: The shooter who was killed during gunfire at practice for a congressional baseball game Wednesday morning was from Belleville. The shooter was James T. Hodgkinson of Belleville, who belonged to a number of   groups, including one called “Terminate the Republican Party. ” The Facebook group reportedly celebrated the killing. The   also cites a Facebook profile it says belonged to Hodgkinson, which featured a post from Monday: “I Want to Say Mr. President, for being an ass hole you are Truly the Biggest Ass Hole We Have Ever Had in the Oval Office. ” Other Facebook posts support Sen. Bernie Sanders ( ). The Washington Post reported Wednesday that Hodgkinson campaigned for Sanders in Iowa. The Facebook profile is linked to a number of     groups, including “Terminate The Republican Party,” among others: Hodgkinson reportedly maintained other social media accounts that authorities are probing. Joel B. Pollak is Senior    at Breitbart News. He was named one of the “most influential” people in news media in 2016. He is the   of How Trump Won: The Inside Story of a Revolution, is available from Regnery. Follow him on Twitter at @joelpollak."
"A Muslim convert from London, who wrote in his diary how he planned to buy a    virgin slave girl after he joined Islamic State, faces jail for terrorism offences. [Patrick Kabele from Willesden, Northwest London, was stopped at Gatwick Airport on his way to Sabiha Gokcen Airport in Istanbul on 20 August 2016, Metropolitan Police revealed in a statement.  The    who wrote in his diary he had a “death wish” was found guilty of preparation of terrorist acts by a jury sitting at Woolwich Crown Court Tuesday. He was remanded in custody. Giving evidence during the trial, Mr. Kabele insisted slaves are allowed in Islam. “In our religion, Islam, it’s OK to have slaves. The prophet had slaves, so I’m talking if I ever possess slaves,” he said. “I’m saying slaves is connected to the religion. It’s an integral part of our religion. ” The former scaffolder, who practised martial arts, also wrote about “seeding some women over here, UK white” and said “I dont kiss anymore” in the diary he stored on his phone. The Daily Mail reports that the extremist also wrote: “My plan remains the same. It’s only my [attitude] towards women and children, i. e. not giving a f*ck. “I am talking seeding women. Chinese, Indian, whatever. In Uganda, multiple wives and sh*t on the side. ” He added in one entry: “‘If i ever marry again its gotta be a virgin 9yrs old as what i would want. The younger  experienced [sic] the better. “I wouldnt rule out a matron to protect my self from the sun till i have the funds for a young virgin. I dont kiss anymore. ” In another entry, he wrote: “If i ever possess slaves i wont free them except maybe on my death bed fisabillah. With priority given to those who become muslim first. ” Then, on 5 August, Mr. Kabele wrote: “I want to fight on the frontline where there’s the heaviest   action, I got a death wish but not by my own hand. ” Commander Dean Haydon, MPS Counter Terrorism Command, said in a statement: “Kabele’s intention to join Isis is made very clear in his own notes. “Due to the good work of officers at the airport, who spotted Kabele and questioned him, as well as the investigation team who pieced the case together, we have prevented someone from travelling to fight for a terrorist group. ”"
"WASHINGTON, D. C.  —   President Donald Trump issued a memorandum on Thursday calling for an investigation into domestic and foreign steel production and, in part, its impact on defense. [“For decades, America has lost our jobs and our factories to unfair foreign trade. And one steel mill after another has been shut down, abandoned, and closed, and we’re going to reverse that,” said President Trump as he moved to sign the memorandum.  The President continued: Today, I’m directing the Department of Commerce to immediately prioritize the investigation that began yesterday and really long before that  —   because Wilbur and I have been working on this for a long time  —   into foreign steel arriving into our markets, and to submit a report on the effects of these foreign steel products on the national security of the United States. It’s not just the pricing, it’s not just employment, it also has to do with the national security of our country, which people never talk about. I talked about it. Leo Gerard of United Steelworkers addressed the President: Mr. President, on behalf of the workers in the industry  —   President of the Steelworkers Union  —   I have worked a long time with Wilbur, and we’ve been fighting this unfair trade for more than 30 years. Hopefully, this executive order will give us the tools we need to grow our companies back and put people back to work. And I have lots of faith that Secretary Wilbur Ross will help make that happen. ” President Trump responded, “I have to say, the unions have been working with us very closely, and they’ve been great. So I appreciate that. Thank you very much. ” The White House announced on Thursday that with steel import rising, the need to examine foreign practices is urgent. The President is also seeking to put America’s steel industry first, a complement to his Buy American, Hire American executive order signed earlier this week. The White House made clear that this is in line with promises the now President made during his 2016 presidential campaign. In a briefing ahead of the signing of the memorandum, U. S. Secretary of Commerce Wilbur Ross informed reporters that on Wednesday night the Department of Commerce initiated an investigation under section 232 of the Trade Expansion Act of 1962, 19USC1962. Ross explained that this “authorizes the Secretary of Commerce to conduct comprehensive investigations to determine the effects of imports of any particular item into the United States on the security of the country. ” He said this has been invoked before, notably in regards to the Arab Oil Crisis. He listed the areas the investigation will look at: domestic production needed to meet national defense requirements, the industry’s capacity to meet such requirements, related human and material resources, importation of quantity and use of goods, close relation of national economic welfare to national security, loss of skills and investment, substantial unemployment, decrease in government revenue and impact of foreign competition on specific domestic industries and impact of displacement by excessive imports.   and countervailing duty cases present a problem according to Ross. They are “very, very limited in nature to a very, very specific product from a very, very specific country. ” However, the Trump Administration wants to see if facts warrant a more comprehensive solution to deal with a very wide range of steel products and very wide range of countries. Ross quoted Trump’s remarks from back during the 2016 presidential campaign, “Foreign nations are dumping vast amounts of steel all over the united states which essentially is killing our steelworkers and steel companies. We will put new American steel into the spine of this country. We’re going to use American steel, we’re going to use American labor, we’re gonna come first in all deals. ” “In the first couple months of this year alone steel imports rose 19. 6 percent year over year and are now more than 26 percent of the entire U. S. marketplace so it’s a very serious impact on the domestic industry,” said Ross. The investigation is required to be completed within 270 days, but Ross expects the completion to come a lot sooner. One or more public hearings will be held over the course of carrying out the memorandum. The memorandum in its entirety reads as follows: MEMORANDUM FOR THE SECRETARY OF COMMERCE, SUBJECT:        Steel Imports and Threats to National Security, By the authority vested in me as President by the Constitution and the laws of the United States of America, including the Trade Expansion Act of 1962, it is hereby directed as follows: Section 1.  Policy.  Core industries such as steel (including specialty steel unique to defense applications) aluminum, vehicles, aircraft, shipbuilding, and semiconductors are critical elements of our manufacturing and defense industrial bases, which we must defend against unfair trade practices and other abuses.  In the case of steel, both the United States and global markets for steel products are distorted by large volumes of excess capacity ‑‑ much of which results from foreign government subsidies and other unfair practices. The United States has placed more than 150 antidumping and countervailing duty orders on steel products, but they have not substantially alleviated the negative effects that unfairly traded imports have had on the United States steel industry.  Repeated efforts by the United States to encourage other countries to reduce and address the underlying causes of excess capacity in the steel market have had little meaningful effect. The artificially low prices caused by excess capacity and unfairly traded imports suppress profits in the American steel industry, which discourages   investment in the industry and hinders efforts by American steel producers to research and develop new and better grades of steel.  If the present situation continues, it may place the American steel industry at risk by undermining the ability of American steel producers to continue investment and research and development, and by reducing or eliminating the jobs needed to maintain a pool of skilled workers essential for the continued development of advanced steel manufacturing. Sec. 2.  Investigation.  The Secretary of Commerce (Secretary) has initiated an investigation under section 232( b)(1)(A) of the Trade Expansion Act of 1962 (the “Act”) (19 U. S. C. 1862( b)(1)(A)) to determine the effects on national security of steel imports.  In conducting this investigation, and in accordance with section 232( d) of the Act (19 U. S. C. 1862( d)) the Secretary shall, as appropriate and consistent with law: (a)  consider the domestic production of steel needed for projected national defense requirements the capacity of domestic industries to meet such requirements the existing and anticipated availabilities of the human resources, products, raw materials, and other supplies and services essential to the national defense the requirements of growth of such industries and such supplies and services, including the investment, exploration, and development necessary to assure such growth and the importation of goods in terms of their quantities, availabilities, character, and use as those affect such industries and the capacity of the United States to meet national security requirements, (b)  recognize the close relation of the Nation’s economic welfare to our national security, and consider the effect of foreign competition in the steel industry on the economic welfare of domestic industries, (c)  consider any substantial unemployment, decrease in government revenues, loss of skills or investment, or other serious effects resulting from the displacement of any domestic products by excessive steel imports and, (d)  consider the status and likely effectiveness of efforts of the United States to negotiate a reduction in the levels of excess steel capacity worldwide. Sec. 3.  Submit Report and Provide Recommendations. (a)  The Secretary shall, consistent with applicable law, proceed expeditiously in conducting the investigation described in section 2 of this memorandum and shall submit to the President a report on the findings. (b)  Pursuant to section 232( b) of the Act (19 U. S. C. 1862( b)) if the Secretary finds that steel is being imported into the United States in such quantities or under such circumstances as to threaten to impair the national security, the Secretary shall, in the report submitted under subsection (a) of this section, recommend actions and steps that should be taken to adjust steel imports so that they will not threaten to impair the national security. Sec. 4.  General Provisions. (a)  Nothing in this memorandum shall be construed to impair or otherwise affect: (i)   the authority granted by law to an executive department or agency, or the head thereof or, (ii)  the functions of the Director of the Office of Management and Budget relating to budgetary, administrative, or legislative proposals. (b)  This memorandum shall be implemented consistent with applicable law and subject to the availability of appropriations. (c)  This memorandum is not intended to, and does not, create any right or benefit, substantive or procedural, enforceable at law or in equity by any party against the United States, its departments, agencies, or entities, its officers, employees, or agents, or any other person. Follow Michelle Moons on Twitter @MichelleDiana "
"Texas Mayor Beth Van Duyne announced Monday she accepted the Trump Administration position of Regional Administrator for the U. S. Department of Housing and Urban Development’s (HUD) Southwest Region VI. [The announcement follows much speculation the now former Irving mayor would join the administration. Based out of HUD’s Fort Worth Regional Office, Van Duyne will oversee department programs and operations for Texas, Oklahoma, New Mexico, Arkansas, and Louisiana.  Van Duyne said she was honored to serve in the position, which reports to HUD Secretary Dr. Ben Carson. “I could not be more thrilled to assist Secretary Carson in HUD’s mission to improve affordable housing opportunities and bring much needed economic development to underserved areas of our nation,” Van Duyne said. She added, “Dr. Carson will be very effective as HUD Secretary,” calling him “thoroughly committed” and a “tremendous optimist who believes in solving problems, getting results, and delivering reforms that will make positive and   improvements in people’s lives and the communities in which they live. ” Working out of the Fort Worth office will keep Van Duyne close to  home, family, and the communities she has served over a   career. “As my two wonderful children, Katie and Pierce, make their way through high school, remaining in this area was critical to my decision,” she stated. In February, Van Duyne announced she would not seek a third term as Irving’s mayor. After Donald Trump’s White House win, Van Duyne visited Trump Tower, fueling speculation about such an appointment. Van Duyne was Irving’s first woman mayor, elected in 2011 after serving on the city council from   and as Deputy Mayor Pro Tem. She represented Irving with the U. S. Conference of Mayors, National League of Cities, Texas Municipal League, and North Central Texas Council of Governments. Under her leadership, Irving blossomed into an economic powerhouse, also breaking ground on its   entertainment center. Van Duyne balanced the City’s budget, increased property values, and delivered AAA ratings from Moody’s and Standard  Poor’s during one of the weakest American economic periods. Last year, Irving ranked among the top 10 safest U. S. cities with a population of over 200, 000 and its unemployment rate of 3. 6 percent was well below the state’s 4. 6 rate and the nation’s 4. 9 percent rate. The Milken Institute placed    among its top five “Best Performing Cities” in 2015 and 2016. Real estate website Trulia dubbed Irving the nation’s most diversely populated zip code in 2013. Business Insider named Irving the fifth safest U. S. big city to live and Forbes identified the booming municipality as its seventh fastest growing U. S. city since the recession. Despite impressive leadership, Van Duyne became a target for progressives who mocked her patriotism and support for law enforcement. In 2015, they pounced when the City of Irving passed an American Laws for American Courts (ALAC) resolution, a symbolic gesture to support proposed state legislation (HB 562) aimed at upholding U. S. and Texas law. They again slammed her for questioning the practices of an area Islamic tribunal using Sharia law. This January, Van Duyne asked the Texas Homeland Security Forum to investigate the tribunal’s legality. Critics also maligned her for backing Irving school officials and police in their handling of the 2015 “Clock Boy” Ahmed Mohamed “hoax bomb” incident. Fueled by slanted media coverage, Van Duyne endured an onslaught of online threats, some even advocated violence against her. A fierce women’s rights advocate, Van Duyne recently said: “Liberals don’t have a monopoly on feminism,” noting   discount her efforts “seemingly because I am conservative,   and have the audacity to voice an opposing opinion. ” In April, IGNITE honored Van Duyne for her commitment to building political ambition in young women. In 2016, she received the National Security Patriot Award, the Alain Bellet Award, and the Great Women of Texas Award. She is a past recipient of the Community Bridge Award and the Defender of Freedom Award. Van Duyne graduated magna cum laude from Cornell University, earning a Bachelors of Arts degree with studies in city and regional planning, government, and law. Follow Merrill Hope, a member of the original Breitbart Texas team, on Twitter."
"Republican Greg Gianforte defied media expectations by winning Thursday’s special election to the U. S. House of Representatives in Montana. [The race had been    and then Gianforte allegedly assaulted a reporter. It seemed his chances were doomed.  But if callers to talk radio were any indication, some Montanans may have voted for the Republican precisely because he had “ ” a reporter. That is how much the media are disliked. Leaving aside, for the moment, questions of what that says about the increasing coarseness of our democracy, the GOP win in Montana also illustrates something fundamental about the Democratic Party: it cannot conjure a reason for people to vote for it. Unless you are a member of a minority that has been indoctrinated to fear Republicans in general and Trump in particular, or a coddled member of the bourgeois “Resistance,” the Democrats offer nothing. The conventional wisdom is that the Republicans are in deep trouble in 2018  —   at least in the House (the Democrats must defend 25 seats in the Senate against the Republicans’ eight, and ten of those Democratic seats are in states Trump won in 2016). That fear is one reason House Republicans cannot unite around the Trump agenda. But after Montana, it becomes reasonable to wonder whether Democrats are actually in danger in 2018, for five reasons. That is not to say that the 2018 midterm elections will not be close. Democrats only need to win 24 seats to hand Pelosi the Speaker’s gavel. They may pick up seven seats in California alone, where Hillary Clinton won in seven districts currently represented by Republicans. They can probably find a dozen or so similar races elsewhere. The special election in Georgia next month is looking good for Democrats at the moment, and could give them hope. But right now, the Democrats have no policy message. They are simply   and find themselves carried away by the vehemence of their anger and frustration. They offer nothing to Republicans who might otherwise be tempted to send a message to the administration  —   whether conservatives who want faster   or NeverTrumpers looking for redemption. Unless they make changes soon, the Democrats may miss their chance. Joel B. Pollak is Senior    at Breitbart News. He was named one of the “most influential” people in news media in 2016. He is the   of How Trump Won: The Inside Story of a Revolution, is available from Regnery. Follow him on Twitter at @joelpollak."
"On January 10 Representatives Dana Rohrabacher (  ) and Brian Babin (  ) removed the   painting from the walls of the U. S. Capitol complex just hours after Representative Lacy Clay (  ) and other Democrats had placed it back on the wall. [In late December Clay chose the painting as a fitting representation of the August 9, 2014, shooting death of Michael Brown in Ferguson, Missouri. Breitbart news previously reported that the painting depicts police officers as animals with tusks.  On January 6 Representative Duncan Hunter (  ) removed the painting from the wall and took it to Clay’s office. Hunter said, “I’ve seen the press [reporting on this painting] for about a week or so.   …     I’m in the Marine Corps. If you want it done, just call us. ” Clay responded by talking to Capitol Police about theft charges against Hunter on January 9, then by putting the   painting back on the wall on January 10. It now appears that two other Republicans —  Rohrabacher and Babin —  have taken the painting down out of respect for law enforcement. A tweet from Alex Gangitano shows Babin taking the painting off the wall and handing it to Rohrabacher so they can take it to Clay’s office again: Dana Rohrabacher and Brian Babin are taking the painting down again and bringing it to Clays office pic. twitter.   —   Alex Gangitano (@AlexGangitano) January 10, 2017,  The painting was created by David Pulphus, a “Cardinal Ritter College Prep graduate” who entered the painting into “a nationwide art contest coordinated by members of the U. S. House of Representatives. ” St. Louis American describes the painting as depicting “a downtown street scene with the Gateway Arch displayed in the background and three police officers with animal heads, two with guns in hand, and a large group of marchers moving toward the police. ” AWR Hawkins is the Second Amendment columnist for Breitbart News and host of Bullets with AWR Hawkins, a Breitbart News podcast. He is also the political analyst for Armed American Radio. Follow him on Twitter: @AWRHawkins. Reach him directly at awrhawkins@breitbart. com."
"President Donald Trump met with Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas on Wednesday, calling for his country to work with Israel for a lasting peace deal. [“Over the course of my lifetime, I’ve always heard that perhaps the toughest deal to make is the deal between the Israelis and the Palestinians,” Trump said during a joint statement to reporters at the White House. “Let’s see if we can prove them wrong, okay?”  Trump said that he would work to facilitate a peace agreement, but assured both Israelis and Palestinians they would have to strive together to form a lasting agreement. “I will do whatever is necessary to facilitate the agreement, to mediate, to arbitrate  —   anything they’d like to do, but I would love to be a mediator or an arbitrator or a facilitator and we will get this done,” he said. Trump urged Palestinian leaders to condemn violence and terrorism against innocent people throughout the Middle East. “There could be no lasting peace unless the Palestinian leaders speak in a unified voice against incitement to violence and hate,” he said. “There’s such hatred, but hopefully, there won’t be such hatred for very long. ” Trump called the White House visit with Abbas a symbol of progress for peace between the two countries. He held a working lunch with Abbas, together with Vice President Mike Pence, Secretary of State Rex Tillerson, National Security Advisor H. R. McMaster and his advisors Gary Cohn, Reince Priebus, Jared Kushner and Dina Powell. Speaking through a translator, Abbas thanked President Trump for the opportunity to visit the White House, urging him to support a   solution. He praised Trump’s “great negotiating ability” and “courageous stewardship” as president as the peace process continued. “We believe that we can be partners, true partners to you to bring about a historic peace treaty under your stewardship to bring about peace,” he said."
"The European Parliament’s chief Brexit negotiator, Guy Verhofstadt, lists President Donald Trump and his chief strategist Steve Bannon as “one of the main three existential threats facing the European Union. ” Verhofstadt views Trump and his populist policy advisers as an even greater threat to the EU than Brexit itself. [Peter Foster reports in The Telegraph:  Setting out the three main existential crises threatening Europe, Mr Verhofstad listed radical Islamic terror, the revanchist Russian president Vladimir Putin and his funding     parties and destabilizing Europe and Donald Trump, the new US president. “We have a third front undermining the European Union, and it is Donald trump who has joined [the   parties] from across the Atlantic. He has talked fairly favourably of other countries wanting to break away from the EU, and that he hoped for disintegration from European Union. ” Mr Verhofstadt singled out the ”enormous influence” of Steve Bannon, the Breitbart News founder who is now chief strategist to Mr Trump and was recently promoted to enhanced positions in the US National Security Council. Read the rest here. "
"The author of a children’s coloring book has invented a character named “Toni the Tampon” to instruct children that men can menstruate. [Cass Clemmer, the author of The Adventures of Toni the Tampon, has been using her coloring book character to “destigmatize” menstruation. Now, however, she also wants to “ ” the female biological process and to persuade children that men get periods too.  Clemmer’s latest adventure of Toni the Tampon is one aspect of the progressive campaign to blur the differences between male and female, and to ultimately create a “genderless” society which bars the commonplace civic distinctions between biological males and biological females in a heterosexual society. This larger political campaign is also pushing judges to permit men to change their legal sex by simply declaring they have a female “gender identity. ” That ruling would allow men to freely use women’s shower rooms, women’s shelters, and women’s athletic leagues. The ideology also says that women with the “gender identity” of men should be described as men  —   even when they are menstruating. The artist says Toni the Tampon purposely has a   name because she hoped to create a coloring book that was “affirming to all menstruators. ” “I’d rather help just one genderqueer or trans menstruator feel like they were seen than sell a thousand copies only to reinforce the boundaries society draws by gendering periods in the first place,” she says.  The   media has attacked my #periodcoloringbook all   calling it ’child abuse’ because it affirms trans and gender non conforming menstruators. In response, I am donating all profits from this week to the @translifeline. If you stand with menstruators of all genders, please share this post. When they go low, we go high. In solidarity  —   Cass  Toni #periodpower #protecttranskids #womensmarch #menstrualmovement #menstruators #queeriods #theygolowwegohigh #menstrualhealth #inclusivefeminism, A post shared by Toni the Tampon (@tonithetampon) on Mar 10, 2017 at 8:40am PST,  The Washington, D. C.  artist posted on Instagram: The   media has attacked my #periodcoloringbook all week  —   calling it “child abuse” because it affirms trans and gender non conforming menstruators. In response, I am donating all profits from this week to the @translifeline If you stand with menstruators of all genders, please share this post. When they go low, we go high. In solidarity  —   Cass  Toni, Clemmer, who hails from the Democratic Republic of the Congo, developed her main character because she said she grew up in an environment in which sex was not discussed openly. “I didn’t know what a uterus was, and I didn’t know where this blood was even coming from or why” she told Mashable recently. “The only thing I was taught was how to clean it up so the world didn’t see it  —   and then I was sent on my way to figure the rest out myself. ” “It’s a tough conversation to have with kids, especially when you consider that adults are often struggling with their own internalized period shame,” she added. “But hopefully, by opening up a fun and creative gateway to discussion, my period coloring book will help make that conversation a little easier. ” Other characters in the coloring book are named Marina the Menstrual Cup, Patrice the Pad, and a male character  —   Sebastian the Sponge. “And, yes, men do get periods,” says Mashable. Newsbusters adds other examples of how the “PC police” are cracking down on “gendered” terms: In August 2016, both The Atlantic and Cosmo ran articles on “chestfeeding,” the new inclusive name for  . Because, you know, women aren’t the only ones who do it. The following month, Time highlighted the pregnancy of a transgender man named Evan who struggled to conceive, but finally gave birth to a son after ceasing hormone treatments. Even the radical feminist group Lady Parts Justice League got into hot water for its name. In an article for Slate, writer and activist Parker Molloy accused the group of “reinforcing biological essentialism, tying gender to genitals. ” “Although rational and scientific, the practice of biological essentialism offends a minute subset of the American people, and must therefore be eliminated  —   according to the liberal media, at least,” states Newsbusters. Multiple polls show the transgender ideology is very unpopular. Read more about “gender identity” here."
"Rapper Busta Rhymes referred to President Donald Trump as “President Agent Orange” and accused him of “perpetuating evil” throughout the United States during his performance alongside Tribe Called Quest Sunday night at the 59th annual Grammy Awards. [“I wanna thank president agent orange for perpetuating all the evil that you’ve been perpetuating throughout the United States,” Busta Rhymes said before a rousing performance of “We the People. ” “I wanna thank president agent orange for your unsuccessful attempt at the Muslim ban. Now we come together! We the people! We the people!”    legends A Tribe Called Quest bring the 🔥🔥🔥 and get political at the #GRAMMYs pic. twitter.   —   Mashable (@mashable) February 13, 2017,  The group’s   performance  —   which also included singer and rapper Anderson . Paak and rapper Consequence  —   also took aim President Trump’s executive order, which temporarily halted the admission into the United States of refugees from seven   countries. The rappers were joined by a collection of people of all ethnic backgrounds at the end of the show. The group repeatedly shouted “Resist!” as the camera panned across the faces of the performers onstage.  A Tribe Called Quest was performing in memory of late member Phife Dawg, who died at the age of 45 last year due to complications from diabetes. Watch the   performance above.   Follow Jerome Hudson on Twitter @jeromeehudson"
"Choate Rosemary Hall, an elite Connecticut boarding school, has reportedly admitted to decades of sexual abuse of students by staff since 1963 until as recently as 2010. [A   report on the Choate allegations, prepared by an investigator from the firm Covington  Burling, documents the actions of 12 former teachers upon 24 victims at the Wallingford, Connecticut, school  —   from sexual groping to rape.  An excerpt from the report reads: Certain Choate graduates described themselves as having been flattered, at the time, by attention they received from faculty or staff, but told us they later recognized that the conduct had been abusive. They described Choate faculty and staff engaging in acts with them that included intimate kissing, intimate touching, and sexual intercourse. Other graduates told us of contact that they recognized as abusive at the time, including forced or coerced intercourse, as well as other incidents of unwanted contact that led students to feel betrayed by faculty or staff they had trusted and admired. Regardless of how the graduates felt at the time, many reported to us that these physical or sexual encounters with faculty or staff, who had occupied positions of authority and trust, disturbed them throughout their adult lives. The investigation showed that when allegations of sexual abuse were made to Choate officials, they handled the complaints secretly. “Choate did not make any reports to DCF [Department of Children and Families] regarding adult sexual misconduct prior to 2010,” the report states. “It was all part of that bunker,     ” said Boston attorney Larry Hardoon, who represents victims of sexual abuse, reports the Hartford Courant. “‘Here’s a problem, let’s just get rid of the problem, make him somebody else’s problem. Life will continue for us unaltered. ’” The investigation found that, in one case, a former teacher accused of sexually abusing students 20 years ago left Choate to teach in the state’s public schools. Ultimately, he became principal of a Litchfield regional high school but resigned his position before the Choate report was released. “We honor and thank the survivors of sexual misconduct who came forward,” a letter from Choate headmaster Alex Curtis and chairman of the board of trustees Michael J. Carr states. “We extend our deepest apologies most specifically to all survivors of sexual misconduct and their loved ones. ” The officials note that they have been involved in an effort to become more open about the problem of sexual misconduct since 2014. The report comes following the Boston Globe’s recent series on sexual abuse in elite New England prep schools. Within the past two years, many such schools, including St. George’s School in Rhode Island, Taft School in Connecticut, Phillips Exeter Academy in New Hampshire, and Concord Academy in Concord, have had staff placed on leave or fired due to alleged sexual misconduct. Choate is now attempting more openness about allegations and has invited students and alumni to come forward with their concerns. Hardoon said prep schools have learned the best way to protect their institutions is to acknowledge the truth. In the past, elite schools would often blame the alleged victim. “The victims often were the ones that would wind up being alienated, getting drummed out of school because of the way it was handled,” he said, while “the perpetrator ends up not paying any price. ” Connecticut attorney Julie Fay also expects more schools to invite past students to come forward with allegations. “These are the conversations I think schools are having: Do we have anything back there?” she said. “They want to make sure there is no one out there who is an alum of their school who is suffering in silence. ” Alumni of the exclusive Choate school include President John F. Kennedy and his brother Joseph P. Kennedy Jr. “They are closed systems, especially residential private schools where kids are separated from their parents,” attorney Paul Mones told the New York Times. “It’s not like a public school, with people coming in and out all the time. There are many more opportunities for teachers to do this. ” Choate has created a fund for alumni who require counseling following sexual abuse experienced at the school and is working with experts on improving its practices."
"What first lady Melania Trump and first daughter Ivanka Trump wear in public seems more important to the press these days than policy issues. This week it’s the news that Ivanka wore a dress that anyone who shops at Target can buy  —   if there are any in stock once the word gets out. [“For just one day, Ivanka Trump has ditched her designer duds for a more    approach,” the Huffington Post reported on Monday.  “The    special advisor to President Trump stepped out in a $35 dress from Target on Monday (and it’s actually on sale right now for $17. 50),” the Huffington Post reported. “The simple black dress with a ruffled bottom and two lilies is from Victoria Beckham’s line for Target,” The Huffington Post reported. “As of now, the dress is still available on the retailer’s website. ” Also of note, according to the Huffington Post, is that Ivanka “paired” the dress with a black purse,   black heels and “minimal jewelry,” which was covered in the Daily Mail’s photograph accompanying its reporting on the latest Ivanka fashion statement. The New York Post headlined its story on the dress “Ivanka Trump rocks a $35 dress. ” “She’s worth millions, but even Ivanka Trump can’t turn down a good bargain,” the Post declared. Ivanka, of course, owns her own fashion line and can dress in whatever she wants  —   for free. Still, the fashion police are already eagerly awaiting her next appearance. “We can’t wait to see if Ivanka pulls more Target out of her closet,” the Huffington Post report said."
".@seanspicer: ”Irresponsible” for Obama to act on intel report on alleged Russian hacking as it is not yet final https:  .  Monday on CNN’s “New Day,” incoming White House press secretary Sean Spicer fielded questions from   Alisyn Camerota about what   Donald Trump’s reaction should be to the allegations the Russian government was behind hacking activity that potentially led to last month’s election outcome.  Spicer responded by telling Camerota she was asking him to react to intelligence that was not finalized, which he deemed to be irresponsible. “The   is privy to a lot of classified information, intelligence reports. He gets briefed by his national security team on a daily basis. So as   he is privy to information that most people aren’t and he’s able to understand what the intelligence is and draw conclusions from that. One thing I think that’s missing from this discussion, is that this report that everybody keeps talking about is not final. The current president of the United States hasn’t seen a final report. The intelligence community is talking about wrapping it up later this week. So, for anyone to talk about what’s in the report, it’s not final yet. I think the idea that we’re jumping to conclusions before we have a final report is frankly irresponsible. ” Follow Jeff Poor on Twitter @jeff_poor"
"Megyn Kelly has agreed to step down as host of a gun violence prevention fundraiser related to the 2012 Sandy Hook Elementary massacre after receiving heavy backlash over an upcoming interview with InfoWars founder Alex Jones, who has said that the attack was a hoax. [The Sunday Night with Megyn Kelly anchor had been scheduled to host the Promise Champions Gala  —   an event organized by Sandy Hook Promise, a gun control nonprofit formed in the wake of the horrific 2012 attack on a Connecticut elementary school that left 27 dead, including 20 children  —   on June 14th in Washington, D. C.  But the NBC News anchor’s interview with Jones, set to air on Father’s Day, June 18, has prompted the group to disinvite Kelly from appearing at the event, according to Variety. “Sandy Hook Promise cannot support the decision by Megyn or NBC to give any form of voice or platform to Alex Jones and have asked Megyn Kelly to step down as our Promise Champion Gala host,” Nicole Hockley,   and managing director of Sandy Hook Promise, said in a statement. “It is our hope that Megyn and NBC reconsider and not broadcast this interview. ” Kelly  —   who left Fox News earlier this year to lead two news programs at NBC  —   shared a preview clip of her interview with Jones on her Twitter account Sunday. In the clip, Kelly asks Jones how he feels about being called “the most paranoid man in the world,” while the radio host and InfoWars founder says he believes   was an “inside job” and that he was unfairly maligned for his views on the Sandy Hook attack. Next Sunday, I sit down with conservative radio host @RealAlexJones to discuss controversies and conspiracies #SundayNight June 18 on NBC pic. twitter.   —   Megyn Kelly (@megynkelly) June 11, 2017,  The preview clip quickly generated a fierce backlash on social media, including from relatives of victims of the Sandy Hook massacre, who expressed their outrage in messages to Kelly on Twitter. Kelly addressed the controversy on her own Twitter page, explaining that Donald Trump’s appearance on Jones’ radio show during the 2016 presidential race made the media figure newsworthy and deserving of an interview: “Many don’t know him our job is 2 shine a light,” she tweeted. Still, at least one advertiser, JPMorgan Chase, reportedly asked NBC News to pull its TV and digital ads from appearing alongside promotional material for the Jones interview. The bank’s chief marketing officer, Kristin Lemkau, wrote on Twitter that she was “repulsed” that NBC News and Kelly gave Jones a platform. In a statement Tuesday, Kelly said she was “disappointed” that she would not be able to attend and support Wednesday night’s Sandy Hook promise event, though she said she understood and respected the decision. “I find Alex Jones’ suggestion that Sandy Hook was ‘a hoax’ as personally revolting as every other rational person does,” Kelly wrote in a statement posted to her Twitter account. “It left me, and many other Americans, asking the very question that prompted this interview: How does Jones, who traffics in these outrageous conspiracy theories, have the respect of the president of the United States and a growing audience of millions?” Here is my statement regarding Sunday night’s interview: pic. twitter.   —   Megyn Kelly (@megynkelly) June 13, 2017,  Sunday Night with Megyn Kelly, featuring the Jones interview segment, is set to air June 18 on NBC News.   Follow Daniel Nussbaum on Twitter: @dznussbaum"
"Center for Security Policy President Frank Gaffney said Wednesday he is “among those who think this is a terrific step,” speaking with Raheem Kassam on Breitbart News Daily about the firing of FBI Director James Comey. [He saw “abundant reasons” for President Trump to dismiss Comey.  “One among them is that in the past year or so, he has made a serial hashup of what is, and must be, the single most important role of the Federal Bureau of Investigations, which is to conduct investigations out of the public eye, and in a rigorous and thoroughly legal fashion,” he said. “I think that what we saw with his serial interventions in the political process, exonerating Hillary Clinton even as he condemned her  —   or at least giving her a Get Out of Jail Free card by saying that no prosecutor would actually bring a case against her, when I think that was manifestly not so  —   on the one hand, and then deciding that, in fact, more evidence had come to light, which he had to then bring to the attention of Congress in the critical last few days of the campaign because he’d made a previous intervention, I think improperly, and then having at the very end of the campaign to say, ‘Oh, no, never mind,’” said Gaffney, tackling the formidable challenge of summing up the entire election timeline in a single sentence. “All of this made a complete mess of both the FBI’s role in that investigation and, I think, of public confidence in it,” he said.  “But Raheem, I have to tell you, quite apart from all that and other problems we’ve seen with the Comey tenure at the FBI, the thing that I really believe  —   though it’s not been addressed to date by anybody  —   has warranted his removal for cause, for a long time, is that he has been engaging  —   as has his senior management team, most especially his number two, a fellow by the name of Andrew McCabe  —   in a really malfeasant approach to the most important internal threat facing the United States today,” he added. “As you know, we’ve talked about it many times, that is the threat posed by sharia supremacists in our country. ” “I’m not talking just about the various Islamic State operatives that he has acknowledged constitute a problem across this country, but the Muslim Brotherhood,” he explained. “Under Comey, that group has been embraced. That group has been brought in as advisers. That group has been allowed to tell us what we can know and think and say and do about the threat that they and their fellow jihadists seek to impose on us. ”  “All of this is the sort of thing that I think warranted a cleaning of house. I wish President Trump had done it at the very beginning of the administration, but I’m glad that he’s begun that process now,” Gaffney declared. Kassam asked if Gaffney believes the candidate for Comey’s replacement should support the designation of the Muslim Brotherhood as a terrorist organization. “Among many things, but I think somebody should have the confidence of the American people, obviously first and foremost,” Gaffney replied. “And the confidence of the serious men and women that man that bureau and who I think have been badly led, badly served, and disabled from really doing their jobs  —   with respect, in particular, to this problem. ” His own proposed candidate, whom he assumed would have “the kiss of death” with tongue in cheek, was former prosecutor Andrew McCarthy, who currently writes for National Review. Gaffney thought McCarthy could be counted on to pursue all investigations with vigor, “including by the way of whatever evidence  —   and I don’t see much of it  —   that Donald Trump’s campaign colluded with the Russians or the extent of the Russian involvement in that campaign. ” Gaffney called McCarthy “far and away the most serious thinker and practitioner on these various challenges of our time,” citing both his writing and his experience as the federal prosecutor who “busted and achieved the conviction of the guys who tried to blow up the World Trade Center the first time around. ” “He’s deeply knowledgeable about both the law and the threats that we’re facing, internal and foreign, and I think would be an extraordinary choice for the next FBI director,” Gaffney said. Kassam mentioned some of the more hysterical “epic meltdown” reactions to Comey’s firing, which was, in fact, a legal, if unusual, exercise of presidential powers. “It reminds me of the kind of whipsawing flips that we saw  —   speaking of fascism  —   when Joseph Stalin went from being Adolph Hitler’s partner in dividing up Poland and otherwise trying to make common cause with the fascists, or the Nazis in his case, of Germany, and because Germany attacked the Soviet Union, suddenly at the beginning of World War II  —   when all of those in the Communist Party and its friends and its admirers in this country went from being   for Hitler to being enemies of Hitler when Joe Stalin became one,” he recalled, riffing on “whiff of fascism”   to the Comey firing. “It’s that kind of flip. It’s kind of   that as recently as yesterday, I believe it’s the case that an awful lot of the Democrats thought that Comey was unfit, thought that he was making a hashup, as I have said about these investigations, should in some cases be removed. And now it’s a hint of fascism because Donald Trump has done just that,” he marveled. “I believe this is pure politics,” Gaffney declared. “I think that it’s an effort they’re desperately hoping that they’ll be able to breathe fresh life into this idea that there’s enough justification for an independent investigation to dog this president for the remainder of his time in office, or maybe even hound him out of office, on the basis of what has yet to be established as any real grounds at all, that he or his personnel actually were involved in colluding with or otherwise enabling the Russian interference in our election. ” Kassam noted that a mere seven hours passed between Hillary Clinton campaign chief John Podesta’s criticism of Comey on Twitter and his criticism of Donald Trump for taking action against Comey. Looking ahead to the process of selecting a new FBI director, Gaffney said that “the temptation will be to do something very quickly. ” “They may do an interim person. That might be the best course for the moment, to find somebody who is a steady hand with long experience inside the Bureau, or at least with the confidence of people in the Bureau,” he speculated. “But it shouldn’t be anybody drawn from the top two or three ranks of the current team because I think they’ve been a disaster  —   especially in the area that I was talking about, the failure to understand this internal threat from the Brotherhood and so on. ”  “The key thing is getting the right person. I think if it takes time to do that. Obviously, there will be a lot of thrashing about this, and the confirmation process will be  —   as in most of them to date  —   protracted, and the Democrats will cavil and all of that,” he predicted. “But I think it is a critical institution, the Bureau, and it is important that it be restored to its rightful place as a   element of the first lines of defense of this country. That will take probably a serious overhaul of the management and bringing up from the ranks, I think, capable people who I believe have been as revolted by what they’ve been seeing from their senior management as I am,” said Gaffney. “This will require Senate confirmation, and I think you can expect that this will be a sordid business,” he warned, “especially if the president resists the temptation to go with somebody that Chuck Schumer  —   some have taken to calling him ‘President Schumer’  —   is going to be happy with. Because what Chuck Schumer is about, let’s be clear, is politicizing everything, and that would include, I suspect, the Bureau. That shouldn’t happen. ” Gaffney said Trump would be “best served by getting away from this kind of political calculation. ” “Get the best person to do the job, and get him or her in place as quickly as possible,” he recommended. Breitbart News Daily airs on SiriusXM Patriot 125 weekdays from 6:00 a. m. to 9:00 a. m. Eastern. "
"A mob of over 250 angry student protesters derailed a lecture on the rise of   attitudes in the United States held at Claremont McKenna College on Thursday. [The speaker, Heather Mac Donald, a Manhattan Institute scholar and author of the 2016 book “The War on Cops,” was met with a sizable resistance before her scheduled lecture at Claremont McKenna College on Thursday evening. Student protesters banged on windows and shouted “F*ck the police” and “Black Lives Matter,” ultimately forcing the lecture to be livestreamed online from a   room on campus.  Just a day before her event at Claremont McKenna, a similar event was derailed by protesters at UCLA. “The protesters surrounded all the doors to the Atheneum where I was supposed to speak, so none of the students who had signed up to attend my lecture could get in,” Mac Donald said. “I was hustled from my guest suite by several police officers from Claremont PD into the lecture hall. It was decided that I would give the speech for live streaming to a largely empty hall. The organizers moved the podium so that it would not be visible through the windows to the students surrounding the building once night fell. We jumpstarted the timing of my talk as the crowd seemed to be getting more unruly. ” Unfortunately, campus police decided to cut Mac Donald’s   short. “During my speech, the protesters banged on the glass windows and shouted. It was extremely noisy inside the hall. I took two questions from students who were watching on livestream, but then the cops decided that things were getting too chaotic and I should stop speaking,” Mac Donald said. “An escape plan through the kitchen into an unmarked police van was devised I was surrounded by about four cops. Protesters were sitting on the stoop outside the door through which I exited, but we had taken them by surprise and we got through them. ” In her short lecture, Mac Donald argued that there is no institution more dedicated to protecting black lives than cops. “And while the protesters likely didn’t show up to these scenes of carnage, the cops did,” she said, speaking about victims of gang violence. “They are the only government agency that works every day to ensure that black lives matter,” she finished. Peter Uvin, vice president for academic affairs at Claremont McKenna College condemned the angry mob that derailed Mac Donald’s lecture. “What we face here is not an attempt to demonstrate, or to ask tough questions of our speaker, all of which are both protected and cherished on this campus, but rather to make it impossible for her to speak, for you to listen, and for all of us to debate. This we could not accept,” Uvin said. Tom Ciccotta is a libertarian who writes about economics and higher education for Breitbart News. You can follow him on Twitter @tciccotta or email him at tciccotta@breitbart. com"
"Glamour magazine has joined the ranks of NBC News, USA Today, CNN, CBS, the Los Angeles Times and others in having to publish corrections after falsely labelling me a racist, a white nationalist or a white supremacist. [Here’s how the latest ritual humiliation went down.  On Thu, Jan 26, 2017 at 12:37 PM, [redacted] wrote: Dear Ms. Mallon: You recently published an article naming my client Milo Yiannopolous a white supremacist. We are demanding an immediate correction to this statement as he has NO association with white   and has always condemned these groups. You all offer no proof of any such affiliations, thus you might want to consult with the AP Style Book on that. We demand an immediate correction to the language used in your article based on a false narrative, or we will pursue legal options against you, Glamour Magazine, and Conde Nast to remedy the problem. On Thu, Jan 26, 2017 at 12:38 PM, Clark, Meredith wrote: On Thu, Jan 26, 2017 at 12:40 PM, MILO  wrote: On Thu, Jan 26, 2017 at 12:44 PM, Clark, Meredith wrote: On Thu, Jan 26, 2017 at 12:46 PM, MILO  wrote: I’m not a member of the   and have said so repeatedly in interviews for months. Wrong again. On Thu, Jan 26, 2017 at 12:49 PM, [redacted] wrote: On Thu, Jan 26, 2017 at 12:52 PM, MILO  wrote: On Thu, Jan 26, 2017 at 1:03 PM, Clark, Meredith wrote: On Thu, Jan 26, 2017 at 1:21 PM, MILO  wrote: More pressing than being sued for defamation? I guess someone was spotted in last season’s Manolos. Like, totally heinous! On Thu, Jan 26, 2017 at 1:28 PM, Clark, Meredith wrote: A short time later  …     If you’re wondering why I bother spending time and money extracting confessions and corrections from the liars and incompetents of the mainstream press, it’s to make examples of the most irresponsible and sloppy journalists in the hope that word spreads. It’s not okay to lie about people, and particularly not okay to hurl the worst imaginable names at people just because you think you might not like their politics. In this case, the editor rolled over so quickly I can’t help but wonder if she knew “white supremacist” was a lie when she published it, which sounds malicious to say the least. “White supremacist”  and “white nationalist” aren’t like “meanypants”  —   you can’t just attach them to people you don’t like without any thought to the consequences. The progressive left has done it to ordinary Americans for decades. The result? President Trump. Trump of course has given up on ever expecting the media to cover him fairly. Instead, he trolls the fuck out of them and holds a mirror up to their obfuscations, distortions and mendacity. But I don’t quite have his social media firepower. Hopefully these frothing progressive idiots will learn their lesson soon. In the meantime, I reserve the right to bring legal action against Glamour  —   and any other journalists and news organisations who repeat this odious libel. Glamour‘s reporting is still riddled with errors. It accuses me of being a “notorious online harasser” which is only true if you’re a feminist I’ve caught lying or bullying someone else and decided to call you out. It claims I “inspired a racist hate campaign” against Ghostbusters actress Leslie Jones, which is another lie. (I wrote a negative review of her movie and said she looked like a man on Twitter.) It alleges I “instigated the sexist Gamer Gate attacks. ” (A ludicrous and insupportable allegation.) But at some point you have to move on with your life. Beat me with your arguments, darlings  —   not  . DANGEROUS is available to   now via Amazon, in hardcover and Kindle editions. And yes, MILO is reading the audiobook version himself!  Follow Milo Yiannopoulos (@Nero) on Facebook, Instagram and Snapchat. Hear him every Friday on The Milo Yiannopoulos Show. Write to Milo at milo@breitbart. com."
"Despite years of complaints from viewers that the network has drifted too far to the political left, sports news network ESPN seems to be thoroughly ignoring its customers by continuing to delve into politics at the expense of sports coverage. A tweet of ESPN’s video archive page tells the tale. [Sean Davis, active Twitter user and   of TheFederalist. com took a poignant screen shot of ESPN’s “Outside The Lines” video archive page which reveals just how little sports seems to be on the sports network.  So much sportsball going on over at ESPN. pic. twitter.   —   Sean Davis (@seanmdav) March 8, 2017,  Of the seven videos that appeared at the top of ESPN’s archive listings, only two could be fairly termed a sports story with all the rest strictly political coverage. The first story covers Florida Senator Marco Rubio talking about the Protecting Young Victims from Sexual Abuse Act. Following that were two stories featuring ESPN columnist Jayson Stark attacking Major League Baseball for refusing to wallow in   social activism. Then another exploring the anguish of a transgender wrestler who is being accused of beating girls even though she is pumped full of steroids and testosterone, which was followed by a discussion of public opinion of transgender “rights. ” Out of the seven shown in the tweet only the story about the problems among members of the family that owns the L. A. Lakers and the story on girls from USA Gymnastics talking of sexual abuse by coaches even approach actual sports reporting  —   and even those are not strictly sports stories. The tweet about the program archive highlights complaints from viewers that the network has become far too political. The grousing from fans grew loud enough for ESPN’s ombudsman, Jim Brady, to make a furtive attempt to address the complaints in a November piece exploring the network’s seeming bias against conservative political views. In the face of the obvious recognition that fans are getting tired of all the politics at ESPN, though, Brady concluded that there is no problem with the network’s programing. Despite Brady’s   conclusion, though, the network is still losing millions annually. Early in February it was reported that ESPN is losing up to 10, 000 subscribers a day and weeks later it was announced that the network was gearing up to eliminate millions in salaries by planning a big round of layoffs in a desperate attempt to stanch the financial bleeding. Follow Warner Todd Huston on Twitter @warnerthuston or email the author at igcolonel@hotmail. com."
"In a recent   for The New York Times, former contributor to Bucknell’s conservative student newspaper and current   professor Aaron Hanlon claimed that conservative students are wrong to consider themselves “victims” on college campuses. But are they?[  As someone who’s written on campus politics as a conservative student for over a year now, I agree with Professor Hanlon’s sentiment. That’s why I’ve made a habit of reminding my peers that conservative students are not victims. In November, on a panel entitled “The New Generation Takes on the Left” at David Horowitz’s Restoration Weekend in West Palm Beach, Florida, I addressed this directly. “The thing that I always say, is that we are not necessarily victims. I think this is good. I’ve been exposed to ideas that I otherwise probably wouldn’t have been exposed to and I always think  —   if you are going to go after the left, if you are going to go after anyone you disagree with, it’s better to understand their position better than they understand it themselves. For me, it’s been incredible to read Marx, to read these things, and to engage with them,” I said. I explicitly made it clear that our desire to expand the conversation by introducing a more diverse array of perspectives is a kind of customer feedback rather than a cry of victimhood: “Instead of being victims, this is a customer feedback thing. Our educations are expensive, whether it is the students themselves or their families who are sacrificing. It’s time for us to tell the donors that we aren’t getting a complete education. ” At the same time, we can’t ignore the campus left’s alarming descent into violence. At Berkeley, protesters set fires, looted stores, and assaulted suspected (suspected!) Trump supporters on campus because they happened to be near the venue where MILO was speaking. Disagreement isn’t suppression, but punching people in the face for supporting a political candidate certainly is. Hanlon makes a few false assumptions about conservative students. Most of us don’t believe that we are on the receiving end of “ideological oppression,” as he suggests. Most of us engage with the texts of the great conservative and libertarian minds such as F. A. Hayek, Ludwig Von Mises, Milton Friedman, and Thomas Sowell, making us some of the most   thinkers on campuses thanks to our university’s progressive curriculums. Considering that these thinkers and their works are often absent from university curriculum, why isn’t Hanlon asking progressive students to read them? Professor Hanlon’s main point seems to be that conservative students often mistake others disagreeing with them as attempts to suppress their ideas. “The point is: You have a voice and ideas that people need to hear, but don’t compare disagreement with your ideas to suppression,” he argues. I’m hard pressed to find even a single   example of a conservative student misinterpreting a civil disagreement as a suppression of his political beliefs. If it happens, it is hardly commonplace. It was Ralph Waldo Emerson that said, “let me never fall into the vulgar mistake of dreaming that I am persecuted whenever I am contradicted. ” It’s curious that Hanlon accuses conservative students of committing this, Emerson’s “vulgar mistake,” because it is more so an accurate reflection of the way in which leftists react to their ideas being challenged, especially in academic environments. The popular theme, perhaps established by Women’s March organizer Linda Sarsour, that disagreement is acceptable unless that disagreement is “rooted in” someone’s “oppression” has become very popular on the campus. Equity feminist and scholar Christina Hoff Sommers is often considered a threat to student safety when she visits campuses because her civil disagreement with what has become mainstream feminist doctrine “invalidates the experiences” of students. ”We can disagree  still love each other, unless your disagreement is rooted in my oppression  denial of my humanity and right to exist.”  —   Linda Sarsour (@lsarsour) November 11, 2016,  Students at a university in California were turned away when they recently tried to start a chapter of a conservative   group on the basis that the group’s mainstream conservative values go “against humanity. ” Campus conservatives are no longer forced to submit to just the suppression of their ideas on campus, as a series of   that appeared in the independent student newspaper of UC Berkeley, The Daily Californian, entitled “Violence as ” justified the use of physical violence against those waiting to attend an event featuring a conservative guest speaker. It’s almost as to say, “let me academically walk you through why your ideas and values are justification enough for me to punch you. ” At Bucknell, I’ve been asked to take seriously the notion that acts of   retaliation are justified against me and my peers in response to our civil disagreement with Bucknell’s progressive orthodoxy. As a former Bucknellian and educator, Hanlon’s focus should be on an email recently sent out by Bucknell professor Marcellus Andrews, in which he instructs students to “impose a steep and lasting price” on organizers of a speaking event that occurred in February 2016. Despite the controversial nature of the speaker, Hanlon should be concerned that a professor at his alma mater is instructing students to commit   acts of retribution against other students for their attempt to expand the intellectual space at their university. That the Bucknell administration refused to even label this conduct “inappropriate” should be a concern for educators everywhere, as it runs against the foundation of the university as an open and challenging intellectual space, where even Milo Yiannopoulos’s style of provocation and humor should be welcomed.  Milquetoast speakers, like Dinesh D’Souza and James Rosen, who have both spoken at Bucknell, failed to generate the dialogue necessary for my conservative and libertarian peers to feel that we have a seat at the intellectual table on campus. Through this, it has become clear that Milo Yiannopoulos’ popularity is a reflection of the institutional failure to provide students with the comprehensive and intellectually diverse education that they are promised at the time of enrollment. Professor Andrews’ rhetoric, and others like his, only further cultivate academic environments in which conservative students feel that they must sit quietly and regurgitate their professor’s ideas in order to get through their classes. To fight back against conduct that shrinks the intellectual space like that of Andrews’ and of the UC Berkeley rioters is not only reasonable but necessary if we are to again make the university a place that encourages the exploration of all ideas, mainstream, radical, and even those that are provocatively expressed. This is what we fight for  —   the expansion of the intellectual space at the university so that all students receive the education that they deserve. Tom Ciccotta is a libertarian who writes about social justice and libertarian issues for Breitbart News. You can follow him on Twitter @tciccotta or email him at tciccotta@breitbart. com"
"On Tuesday’s broadcast of CNN’s “The Lead,” anchor Jake Tapper stated that President Obama’s commutation of Chelsea Manning “contradicts the last eight years of policy in terms of leaking. ”  Tapper said, “President Obama has used the Espionage [Act] to go after leakers, more than every other president in history, combined. This has been a hallmark of his administration. It’s something that a lot of us in the media have objected to time and time again. And here he is, commuting the sentence of one of the most notorious leakers. You could argue that Chelsea Manning did it for a good reason, to expose war crimes, or whatever case you want to make. But, it certainly contradicts the last eight years of policy in terms of leaking. ” (  Mediaite) Follow Ian Hanchett on Twitter @IanHanchett"
"CHICAGO, Illinois  —   The Archbishop of Chicago called for comprehensive immigration reform, which would include amnesty for illegal immigrants, during a recent ceremony focusing on the issue. [While saying a mass designated for legal and illegal immigrants at the Holy Name Cathedral in Chicago, Cardinal Blase Cupich said the Catholic Church “stands with those in the shadows,” according to the Chicago Tribune.  “It’s a time to remind our nation that we have been enriched by following the light of diversity, openness to the stranger,” Cupich said during the mass as individuals from 40 different nations attended. Cupich also said the country must be open to accepting migrants, a program which   Donald Trump has vowed to temporarily shut down for the   especially those entering the U. S. from countries where Islamic terrorism is rampant. “When so many want to make us afraid of diversity, of the migrant, of the immigrant who is looking for a better life, can we not say, ‘Let’s see where Christ is leading us? ’” Cupich asked, according to the Chicago  . “Let us not be afraid. “My hope would be that, as you come here today, you will experience a change,” Cupich told the congregation. “A conversion. A new way of thinking about those who are strangers. Who don’t have documents. The DREAMers who only want a chance to finish their education. ” The Catholic mass featured two Syrian refugees, Feras Shawish and Steffany Velazguez, to promote the refugee resettlement program in Chicago, which Catholic Charities is a part of. Cupich is not actually   within the Catholic Church on the immigration issue, despite substantial support by Catholics for Trump’s immigration plan. The United State Conference of Catholic Bishops (USCCB) has long pushed for amnesty in their immigration platform, where it has also called for comprehensive reform. John Binder is a contributor for Breitbart Texas. Follow him on Twitter at @JxhnBinder."
"Disney and Lucasfilm dropped the   first teaser trailer for Star Wars: The Last Jedi (Episode VIII) at the Star Wars Celebration on Friday. [The   first look at the new film picks up right where the The Force Awakens left off, with Rey (Daisy Ridley) having just found Luke Skywalker (Mark Hamill) and beginning her Jedi training with him at his island hideaway.  The   clip is packed with hints at the direction of the latest installment, though very little in the way of the actual story. We get shots of a speeding Millennium Falcon, an angry Kylo Ren (Adam Driver) wielding a lightsaber, a brief shot of Finn (John Boyega) in either a hospital or an escape pod, Poe Dameron (Oscar Isaac) narrowly avoiding an exploding   and an appropriately epic space battle between what appears to be the First Order and the Resistance. There’s also an ominous message from Luke Skywalker: “I only know one truth. It’s time for the Jedi to end. ” Star Wars: The Last Jedi was written and directed by Rian Johnson (Brick, Looper) and features returning stars Ridley, Hamill, Isaac, Driver, Boyega, Carrie Fisher, Domhnall Gleeson and Andy Serkis, while new characters will be played by Laura Dern and Benicio del Toro. The film is in theaters December 15.   Follow Daniel Nussbaum on Twitter: @dznussbaum"
"Donald Trump’s presidential limousine will be equipped with a tear gas cannon, shotgun, and even bottles of the  ’s blood type, according to multiple reports. [The “Cadillac One” limo, which will make its public debut on Inauguration Day, will replace a fleet of nearly a dozen vehicles that have served President Obama since 2009, Autoweek reported.  The vehicle, also known as “The Beast,” will come with a price tag of up to $1. 5 million, the New York Post reported. It will be equipped with bottles of the  ’s blood type in case an ambulance that travels with the motorcade cannot get access to him. The limousine will also feature   windows and doors and will be plated with   armor, making the doors so heavy that the president will not be able to open them from the inside, according to the Hill. The presidential limousine’s main purpose is to transport the president between planes, helicopters, and buildings, and trips inside the limousine are usually not expected to last more than 30 minutes, according to Autoweek."
"The Evergreen State College faculty is as biased as one might expect, according to recently released data on the staff’s political donation history. [During the 2016 presidential elections, Evergreen faculty reportedly donated an overwhelming $10, 086 to Democratic candidates and only $400 to Republican candidates. Bernie Sanders received the majority of donations from Evergreen faculty, taking in $5, 404 from the college’s faculty compared to Hillary Clinton’s $2, 026.  Evergreen President George Bridges made multiple donations to Democratic candidates, with $250 going to Rep. Dennis Heck in 2016, $300 to former Rep. Walt Minnick in 2008, and $500 to Sen. Patty Murray in 2014. Donation totals for the faculty weren’t much different during the 2008 presidential elections. Evergreen employees contributed over $16, 000 to Democratic candidates and only $200 to Republican candidates. During the 2004 election, 100 percent of faculty donations went to Democratic candidates. Perhaps most interestingly, Evergreen faculty have not donated a single dollar to a Republican congressional candidate since 2012. Tom Ciccotta is a libertarian who writes about economics and higher education for Breitbart News. You can follow him on Twitter @tciccotta or email him at tciccotta@breitbart. com"
".@algore: Trump administration ”comes off as   and confused” about climate change https:  .  #ThisWeek pic. twitter.  Sunday on ABC’s “This Week,” former Vice President Al Gore said the administration of President Donald Trump “comes off as   and confused about the climate crisis. ”  Gore said, “The administration comes off as   and confused about the climate crisis because the truth is still inconvenient for the large carbon polluters. And they don’t want to stop the polluting of the atmosphere. It interferes with their business plan. But we’re creating jobs in this country in the solar industry at a rate 17 times faster than other jobs. The number one   job is wind power technician. The renewable energy sector and the sustainability revolution are the brightest spot for economic growth and prosperity in this country. ”   Follow Pam Key On Twitter @pamkeyNEN "
"Jerry Seinfeld, Samuel L. Jackson, Michael Jordan, and Leonardo DiCaprio are among the many celebrities who have issued an emotional farewell video for President Barack Obama. [“Yes We Can: Your Most Memorable Moments from the Obama Presidency” features American entertainers and people from around the world sharing stories of their most meaningful moments of Obama’s presidency and celebrating his legislative achievements, from healthcare to climate change to Cuba.  Actor Samuel L. Jackson named the passage of the Affordable Care Act as the most memorable moment of Obama’s presidency: “Because I have relatives that can’t afford health insurance, so it was really a great thing to know that if something happened to them, they could get cared for. ” “When I was at the UN and I heard our president say that climate change is the most important issue facing, not only this generation but also future generations, it was inspiring,” said Academy   actor and environmental activist Leonardo DiCaprio. Actor Tom Hanks added: “When he just changed all the rules on the table in regards to Cuba with the most succinct motivation imaginable, which is ‘What we’ve been doing hasn’t worked’  —   which made all the sense in the world. ” Comedian Jerry Seinfeld said knocking on the Oval Office window while Obama was working was “probably the peak of my entire existence. ” Offering more emotional memories, ABC   Shonda Rhimes recalled Obama’s 2008 campaign victory speech in Grant Park in Illinois. “Just the magic of that moment of that man, who we’ve all been on this journey with, take that stage with his family. I was sitting at home in my living room and I felt like I was a part of that crowd in that park,” Rhimes said. Scandal star Kerry Washington shared a simular sentiment. “You really felt those first three words of the Constitution, ‘We the People.’ It was one of the first times in my life that I felt like I was really part of that ‘We,’” Washington said.   artist Chance the Rapper praised the President for granting clemency to those convicted of drug crimes, while Ellen DeGeneres praised Obama’s dance skills. Basketball legend Michael Jordan said Obama’s legacy will never be forgotten. “How often do we remember Jackie Robinson  —   everybody knows him,” Jordan said. “To me, he will be the Jackie Robinson of politics. ” The “Yes We Can” tribute video was posted to the White House YouTube channel one day before President Obama and First Lady Michelle Obama hosted a   farewell party at the White House.   Follow Jerome Hudson on Twitter @jeromeehudson"
"Duane “Dog” and Beth Chapman from the reality TV shows Dog the Bounty Hunter and Dog and Beth: On the Hunt were guests in the Breitbart News Daily studios on Tuesday, talking about how the justice system had been under attack during the Obama administration and how they believe it is on the mend in the era of Donald Trump. [STRANAHAN: When you’re talking about this bail reform movement, what it means, and of course stop me if I’m wrong and tell me if I’m exaggerating  —   but it means in some cases criminals are being brought in and put right back on the street. BETH: Within minutes. DOG: Within minutes. BETH: Literally the police officers are still inside doing paperwork when the perpetrator is basically let out the door. DOG: Alleged perpetrator. BETH: Mmmmm, okay, alleged. STRANAHAN: And so when we’re talking about the dismantlement of law and order under Obama, this is what I’m talking about. BETH: Yeah. There’s no teeth, law enforcement’s hands are basically tied. I think they’re far more reluctant to even arrest anybody because it takes them, like I said, more time to do the paperwork then it does to bring them down. But the bigger issue is there’s no accountability and there’s no deterrent, there’s no repercussion, there’s no one looking for these people when they fail to appear. Basically, they’re going to be clogging up the docket so bad there’ll be no efficiency whatsoever in our court systems. Christie went out and he duped his entire state basically and said, “This is only gonna cost a couple of million dollars. ” The cost is so expensive now, it’s over $22 million. Most of the counties can’t even afford to implement this policy, and they’ve got small business people dying on the vine there and it’s counterproductive to the economy. STRANAHAN: And how is letting those criminals back out on the streets working out for the poor? DOG: Well of course the poor will be poor, but they’re stealing trying to get money. BETH: But they’re releasing them back into the poor communities. They’re not releasing them into our communities. So in reality he’s   the very people that he claims to be helping. One topic discussed was the   “Parole Reform Movement,” which they say was bankrolled by billionaire institutional left funder George Soros, as well as leading libertarian funders the Koch Brothers. The ideologically driven approach to belittle justice has resulted in a revolving door for criminals, said the two bail enforcement agents.  BETH: The Koch Brothers, the Arnold Foundation, The Manhattan Project, the Innocence Project, you know there’s a lot of groups donating quite a bit of money into these things. Harvard donated $1 million, which is very disturbing to me  —   a school of high learning and you think that they would understand that, again, people aren’t in jail because they’re poor. And basically the most unnerving thing about this whole thing, that we have taken away the voice of the victims. The victims absolutely have no voice  —   and they have no protection. They think that these guys are gonna go to jail and they’re gonna stay in jail, and they’re safe at least for the night  —   but not in New Jersey. DOG: And we’re not talking about graffiti or urinating in public  —   none of that. We’re talking about first degree burglary, domestic violence, rape of an intoxicated person. BETH:  —   giving a gun to a known gang member  …     As an example of this ideological influence, take Katharine Huffman, Board Chair of the bail reform movement group Justice Policy Institute, whose biography says: Ms. Huffman began her legal career as a   litigator and Soros Justice Fellow at the Southern Center for Human Rights in Atlanta, Georgia. Dog and Beth had harsh words for former New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie: BETH: Christie’s been awful. He has drank the   obviously. But, he’s destroying New Jersey. And not that New Jersey was   to begin with, but now it’s so overrun with crime that you got police chiefs coming out, lieutenants coming out, you got Facebook popping up New Jersey’s bail reform failures. There are so many people so concerned. There was a police chief that basically came out and told his citizens, “I can’t keep you safe. I have to let these guys go by mandate. ” And you get Christie on the line about it, or you get him on any type of a radio show or whatever, and he tries to blame the bail bondsman and say, “They’ve been picking on the poor  …    ” If they’re poor, then how could they afford the bail bondsman to begin with? On the other hand, they had high praise for Milwaukee County Sheriff David Clarke, who was recently a speaker at the closing day of CPAC. Dog and Beth both appreciate Clarke’s approach to law and order, which they see as in line with the Trump presidency. MARLOW: So let’s get into your connection with Sheriff Clarke. You’ve been a big advocate for him, he’s considering a Senate bid, talk to us about that. DOG: Sheriff Clarke is strong law and order. A very fair man. He’s been the Sheriff of Milwaukee for many years, and we love him. And when you get that way, you go to one mountain and you get to the top, there’s another mountain to climb. So he’s the toughest Sheriff, he’s strong law and order. He needs not just to be in one state we need him nationally. Breitbart News recently recorded exclusive video interviews with Dog and Beth that will be the centerpiece of several stories related to the Bail Reform Movement by Breitbart lead investigative reporter Lee Stranahan. Breitbart News Daily airs on SiriusXM Patriot 125 weekdays from 6:00 a. m. to 9:00 a. m. Eastern. "
"Actor Samuel L. Jackson has lent his voice talents to a radio for Democratic House contender Jon Ossoff in this month’s special Congressional election in Georgia. [“Your vote goes a long way to setting things right in this country,” the    actor and Democratic activist says in the   spot (below). “Vote for the Democratic Party. Stop Donald Trump, a man who encourages racial and religious discrimination and sexism. ”  Jackson goes on to include a wink to one his most famous characters, hitman Jules Winnfield in Quentin Tarantino’s Pulp Fiction. “Remember what happened the last time people stayed home  —   we got stuck with Trump,” Jackson continues. “We have to channel the great vengeance and fury we have for this administration into votes at the ballot box. ” Ossoff is one of 18 candidates vying to replace the outgoing Tom Price in Georgia’s 6th Congressional district during the April 18 special election. Price was appointed by Trump in February to serve as U. S. Secretary of Health and Human Services. “Do your friends and family a favor, hell, do yourself a favor and vote on April 18. And make sure to vote for the Democratic party,” the ad concludes. The ad, apparently paid for by the Democratic Congressional Campaign Committee, reportedly began running on Saturday, with just days to go until the vote. Jackson has been a frequent and vocal critic of Trump since before the November election. In December 2015, the Hateful Eight star said he would leave the country if Trump were elected president: “If that motherf*cker becomes president, I’m moving my black ass to South Africa,” he told   host Jimmy Kimmel. One month before the general election, the actor appeared in a   PSA alongside fellow celebrities Robert De Niro and Leonardo DiCaprio urging Americans to get out and vote on Election Day.   Follow Daniel Nussbaum on Twitter: @dznussbaum"
"The Islamic State terrorist organization published pictures showing the execution of a Syrian man who was convicted of cursing Allah. [Hundreds of civilians and dozens of IS militants gathered in the city of Alkhafsa, near the Turkish border, to watch the execution, IS said.  The gory display started with an IS representative reading out the verdict, which was inspired by sharia. Another picture showed militants pointing their guns at him, and a third showed him lying on the ground in a puddle of his own blood. Warning: Some of the following photos contain extremely graphic images.   In other pictures, IS depicts its effort to clamp down on cigarette smoking, as part of its campaign against “  substances. ” For the second time in recent days the organization published pictures of its men uncovering stashes of cigarettes in Mosul, Iraq, and setting them ablaze.  In   online forums, some say that IS would be better off taxing cigarettes, but others say that destroying them sends a clearer message about their religious piety."
"Christians in Sydney, Australia, are being advised to hide their crosses after an   gang shouting “F*** Jesus!” attacked a couple on a train while transport officers looked on from a “safe space” and did nothing. [The   Daily Telegraph  —   a News Corp outlet unrelated to the Telegraph Media Group newspaper of the same name  —   reports the couple were attacked while riding the train through “Muslim enclaves” in   Sydney.  Mike, who asked for his surname to be withheld for fear he might be targeted, said that four men of Middle Eastern appearance ripped his cross from his neck, stomped on it, and rained kicks and punches on his face, back, and shoulders. Two women attacked his girlfriend when she tried to protect him. Five uniformed transport officers watched the attack take place but failed to intervene, Mike claimed, leaving the police to meet the train at a later station. “I was born in Australia of Greek heritage,” Mike told the Telegraph. “I’ve always worn my cross. For [them] to rip it off and step on it has to be a religious crime   …     It’s not on to feel unsafe in your own country. ” Mike went to Greek community leader and former Sutherland Shire Council deputy mayor Reverend George Capsis, who believes Christians in Sydney face growing persecution at the hands of Muslim gangs, about the attack. “This is not an isolated incident,” said Rev Capsis, who explained that Mike was the fourth Christian to have come to him about a   attack in just the last six months. “There are gangs of these young fellows of Muslim background who have been harassing people they identify as Christian   …     You don’t hear about it because no one’s reporting it. ” Like Mike, the three previous victims who went to Rev Capsis said they were assaulted around public transport in the   of the city. “It’s like their territory,” he said. “They don’t want Christians or other types of infidels there. ” The minister believes that the problem has to be “nipped in the bud” but, in the absence of any robust action from the authorities, he can only advise Christians to hide their faith in the presence of Muslims, so they do not feel “provoked”. “People like Greek Orthodox carry a big cross,” he explained. “I tell them to be practical and if they’re in those areas and wearing a big cross and a group of young guys comes, hide it in your shirt. Why provoke it?” A police spokesman said: “The incident [had] prompted police to remind the community that any   crime will not be tolerated. ” He said the incident was still under investigation. Sydney Trains defended the transports officers who stood by as the attack took place, telling the Telegraph their main responsibility is tackling fare evasion and that they are trained to observe from a “safe space” if passengers are assaulted. “Why are ticket inspections deemed more important than passenger safety?” commented Telegraph journalist Miranda Devine. “Surely, if taxpayers fund dedicated Transport Officers to ride the trains all day, they should be authorised to do more than just observe crimes and call police. Anyone can do that. ” Rev Capsis believes that, “If this keeps up, someone will be hurt. ”"
"Maryland police arrested a man reported to be a Washington Post IT employee on charges of impersonating an Immigration and Customs Enforcement (ICE) agent. [The IT engineer for The Washington Post, Itai Ozderman, is reported to be in possession of an ICE badge, a Baltimore County police badge, a working police radio, body armor, tactical vests, and a variety of handguns, rifles, and shotguns according to WJLA ABC7 who first reported the story. Officials with the Department of Homeland Security (DHS) and the Baltimore County Police Department confirmed to the Washington, D. C. outlet that Ozderman has never worked in law enforcement.  Court records obtained by ABC7 revealed that the    IT engineer impersonated an ICE officer in the Falls Church, Virginia, area on multiple occasions. Witnesses reported seeing the man wearing a bulletproof vest with an ICE patch attached. The Washington news outlet contacted the Washington Post to confirm the status of Ozderman’s employment. “All we have to share is that we are aware of the story and looking into it,” The Washington Post Director of Communications Shani George, responded in an email. One of the alleged ICE agent impersonator’s neighbors told the ABC affiliate Ozderman would brag about being a “reserve officer. ” Police officials in Baltimore County stated they did not know how the man came into possession of police equipment found during a search of his home. That search revealed seven handguns, two M4 style rifles, a shotgun, body armor, tactical vests, magazines for all, ammunition, a silver Baltimore County police badge, and a working police radio. He also had police insignia in his home. The ABC report states Ozderman was born in Israel. His citizenship and immigration statuses have not been released. Court records obtained by Breitbart Texas show that police arrested Ozderman on February 22 and charged him with impersonation of a law enforcement officer and possession of a handgun in a vehicle. Jail officials released the man after his family posted bond. He is scheduled to appear in court again on April 13. Bob Price serves as associate editor and senior political news contributor for Breitbart Texas. He is a founding member of the Breitbart Texas team. Follow him on Twitter @BobPriceBBTX. This article has been updated to include a clarification about The Washington Post’s coverage of the incident. Original reporting did not note the Post’s full coverage of the incident. "
"A teacher at a North Carolina charter school has been arrested and charged with allegedly having improper sexual relationships with three students. [On June 8, the Rocky Mount Police arrested math teacher Erin Elizabeth McAuliffe, 25, and charged her with the molestation of three boys, two    and one who was 16, according to police reports.  Officers said in a statement that McAuliffe was charged with three counts of sexual activity with a student and one count of indecent liberties with a minor. The investigation began after school administrators contacted authorities upon hearing rumors of the teacher’s activities. “The information from the school was related to a math teacher having inappropriate sexually related contact with three juvenile male students off campus,” a police department spokesman said. In its own statement, Rocky Mount Preparatory said, “We have been fully cooperative with local law enforcement during the course of their handling of this matter. ” The head of the public charter school, Todd Pipkin, told the media that McAuliffe’s last day was May 4 and school is out for the summer. McAuliffe only worked at the school for a single year. The suspect taught as a math teacher but had only tutored students previous to her job at Rocky Mount Preparatory. The former teacher was booked into the Carteret County jail under a $20, 000 bond. After bonding out of jail, McAuliffe is next scheduled to appear in Nash County District Court June 12. If convicted, she could be sentenced to up to five years in jail for the charge of taking indecent liberties with a minor, a Class F felony. For the other charges, McAuliffe could face as much as a   jail term. Follow Warner Todd Huston on Twitter @warnerthuston, or email the author at igcolonel@hotmail. com."
"The Church of England’s main legislative body has rejected a report saying marriage can only be between a man and a woman, plunging the church into a new crisis. [England’s state church is deeply divided over the issue, with liberals calling on it to change Christian doctrine on the issue while conservatives insist such a change is impossible.  The report by the House of Bishops, which together with the houses of Clergy and Laity makes up the General Synod,   church teaching on marriage, but also called for a “fresh tone and culture of welcome and support for lesbian and gay people”. However, a campaign by liberal elements within the Synod led to a motion to “take note” of the report  —   usually purely procedural  —   failing after the House of Clergy voted against it. The motion was passed by the other two houses, and received the support of the majority of those present, but its rejection by the clergy means it was defeated. However, it later emerged several members, including the Bishop of Coventry, may have voted the wrong way after becoming confused about which button to press. One lay member told Christian Today of a sense of “chaos” in the chamber: “Other people around me were talking about their own misunderstandings. “The voting wasn’t clear. I have concerns, someone got shouted over, it was very confusing. ” The vote now means the church’s position on the issue is in disarray, and is especially awkward for the Church of England just months after the worldwide Anglican Communion suspended the U. S. Episcopalian Church for endorsing   marriage. Many mainstream news outlets have hailed the vote as a “step forward” for gay marriage in the Established Church, with The Telegraph in particular writing: “Anglicans come a step closer to gay marriages in church. ” However, critics have said the vote only leaves the church even more divided than before. One Church of England priest wrote: “If people think that last night the synod gave birth to something new, it was an aborted effort, with all the tragedy that analogy brings with it. “Past the fake news and   headlines and spin, the simple fact is that the Church of England is going nowhere fast on the gay issue. We have no path forward at present  …     “The bishops spent months wrestling with the seriousness of the conflict in the Church, working out what could and couldn’t be done, processing through the various options and, in my humble opinion, bringing to the synod the best possible solution at the present time  …     “As of last night, we’re right back to where we were decades ago. ”"
"Sunday on MSNBC’s “AM Joy,” discussing President Donald Trump’s firing of FBI Director James Comey and the investigation into Russia’s interference in the 2016 presidential election, Rep. Elijah Cummings ( ) called that investigation “a fight for the soul of our democracy. ”  Cummings said, “We are going to do everything in our power, if there is a tape, to get that tape. This whole situation with regard to this conversation is very significant with regard to the investigation, with regard to Russia, to collusion and things of that nature. So we need to know and we need to know who’s telling the truth and who’s lying. ” When asked if any Republican colleagues have expressed outrage, Cummings said, “I think there is some outrage, but I think there are two things happening. One, many of them are afraid that Trump will run somebody from their right against them and they will lose their seats. The other think that this thing will just blow over and is not such a big deal. But I told them over and over again that this is a fight for the soul of our democracy. And, so, I even told Jason Chaffetz, I said, ‘Chaffetz the question is going to become when all of this is over, what kind of country are we going to have.’ And that is a good question. ” Follow Pam Key on Twitter @pamkeyNEN"
"The 2017 March for Life saw thousands of   demonstrators rally at the National Mall in Washington, DC, spurred on by encouraging messages from   President Donald Trump and appearances by his top surrogates. Vice President Mike Pence became the first VP ever to address the crowd, while Trump’s winning campaign manager Kellyanne Conway headlined the event.  Reporters from Breitbart News were also in attendance at the 44th annual March for Life, capturing scenes from the crowd. See those images and photos from news wires below: Little Sisters of the Poor at @March_for_Life pic. twitter.   —   Charlie Spiering (@charliespiering) January 27, 2017,    high schoolers handing out 🌹🌹 to people in DC on their way to @March_for_Life pic. twitter.   —   Charlie Spiering (@charliespiering) January 27, 2017,  Carnival atmosphere here at @March_for_Life waiting for @VP! pic. twitter.   —   Neil W. McCabe (@NeilWMcCabe) January 27, 2017,  Demonstrators @March_for_Life pic. twitter.   —   Charlie Spiering (@charliespiering) January 27, 2017,    the left’s terms @March_for_Life pic. twitter.   —   Charlie Spiering (@charliespiering) January 27, 2017,    #harambe pic. twitter.   —   Charlie Spiering (@charliespiering) January 27, 2017, "
"After much anticipation and speculation, pop   Lady Gaga’s Super Bowl LI halftime show performance was largely devoid of partisan politics  —   much to the chagrin of myriad liberal media and entertainment reporters. [Journalists from some of the country’s biggest news outlets raked the “Bad Romance” singer over the coals for failing to bash President Donald Trump’s immigration and national security policies, specifically his controversial refugee moratorium.  Below is a roundup of some of the most disappointed reactions from a liberal media upset that Lady Gaga delivered a   Super Bowl performance clearly intended to entertain all Americans. 1. Los Angeles Times: “Lady Gaga misses her Super Bowl moment to say something profound” Los Angeles Times reporter Mikael Wood scolded Gaga for failing to deliver “the kind of bold,   performance for which Lady Gaga is known (and loved). ” “Instead, the    singer offered up a disappointing   medley that lacked any edge or tension yet also failed for the most part to deliver the kind of warm reassurance that [Tony] Bennett might’ve mustered. ” In the end, Wood says, Gaga’s was a “tightly choreographed production that did little to acknowledge the outside world. ” 2. Variety: “Super Bowl Halftime Review: Lady Gaga Takes Safe Route With Hits  Spectacle” Variety TV critic Sonia Saraiya slammed Gaga for “steadfastly avoiding making a statement” during her “competent but disconnected performance. ” While praising Gaga’s set as “appropriately breathtaking,” Saraiya says the show “was overall a little weak, it still felt like a missed opportunity” to “voice the widely held frustration with the Trump administration in some form or another. ” Saraiya adds: “Born This Way,” Gaga’s anthem for gay rights, has aged poorly  —   the song rhymes “chola descent” with “you’re orient,” which is both ethnically and grammatically offensive, and includes the adjective “transgendered. ” But even a problematic love letter to queer acceptance would have been worthwhile, at a Super Bowl Vice President Mike Pence was attending  …     if it had been the showstopping final number. 3. The Washington Post: “Lady Gaga calls herself a rebel, but at the Super Bowl she played it safe” WaPo pop music critic Chris Richards railed against Gaga for not “speaking out” and being too “restrained” during her Super Bowl LI halftime show. “She played it totally safe,” Richards wrote of Gaga. “But for an artist who continues to sell herself as an instigator, Gaga seemed content being a mere entertainer on Sunday night, putting in plenty of effort without taking any significant risks. Like any Gaga concert, her halftime show cultivated a mood of bewildered   that aimed to impress more than surprise. ” Gaga proclaimed to be “I am a rebel  …     I always want to be challenging the status quo,” during a cameo in a Tiffany  Co. Super Bowl ad. “It felt like a lie,” Richards wrote. “With a forceful elegance, Beyoncé had set a precedent for what could be done on this stage  —   musically and politically. By comparison, Gaga whiffed,” Richards wrote, praising last year’s   Super Bowl halftime show by the “Lemonade” singer. 4. Billboard: “Lady Gaga Is a Legacy Artist Now, But What a Legacy: Super Bowl 2017 Halftime Show Analysis” Billboard contributor Andrew Unterberger laments “if there was a disappointment to be had with Gaga’s performance, it wasn’t with the show or the song selection   …     but with the fact that she didn’t attempt anything particularly outrageous. ” Unterberber says it “doesn’t count” that Gaga sang “God Bless America” and “This Land Is Your Land. ” Those weren’t the stuff of his kind of a “legitimate political statement. ” Gaga’s performance for Unterberger ultimately “fell an absolutely unforgettable moment short,” and “its general spirit was sadly missing one such gonzo moment would’ve gone a long way toward reminding people why the art was just as important to Mother Monster’s early formula as the pop. ” 5. The Huffington Post: “Lady Gaga Gave A Subtle Nod To The LGBTQ Community During Her Super Bowl Performance” In an article predicated on the notion that middle,   America is full of people who hate gays, HuffPo senior entertainment editor Stephanie Marcus struggles to find the   messaging in Lady Gaga’s Super Bowl show. “It wasn’t super political, but it was something,” Marcus writes. “In the end, Gaga didn’t actually make any blatant political statement (aside from her opening number) but she did perform “Born This Way,” which celebrates individuality and takes a specifically   stance with the lyrics, “No matter gay, straight, or bi   Lesbian, transgendered life   I’m on the right track baby   I was born to survive,” Marcus explains.   Follow Jerome Hudson on Twitter: @jeromeehudson"
"Friday on ABC’s “The View,” actress Lena Dunham said being that “a part of feminism” is almost like “being a parent” and that the white women who voted for Donald Trump need to be enlightened “with the rhetoric of  . ”  Partial transcript as follows: DUNHAM: I think it’s really important to remember that it is an incredible problem that 53% of women in this country  —   53% of white women in this country voted for Donald Trump which means that they’re not only voting against the interests of their sisters, of women who may not look like them, who they may not understand but whose rights are just as important, but also remember that they are in that case voting against their own best interest. To me a part of feminism  —   it’s almost like being a parent to a teenager where they’re so mad at you, they think you’re such a piece of crap and you’re like, I know you hate me right now but the reason I’m doing this is because I love you and I want us all to be safe. BEHAR: But those women to their defense believe he’s going to bring back jobs, a lot of them, because they’re voting for their husbands and their family. How do you respond to that? DUNHAM: I think what’s really hard, obviously it pains me as a caucasian women to think about how many women didn’t think about women who looked different or had different life experiences than them. They didn’t look outside their own back yard when they made the choice to vote for Donald Trump. BEHAR: In their own back yard there are no jobs. DUNHAM: But what I was going to say is that  —   FARIS: Without food on the table it’s hard for them to see another perspective when they’re clearing no money and to pay for their healthcare. Do you know what I’m saying? DUNHAM: I’m sorry to interrupt you. I was raised not to do that. FARIS: No, no no I’m sorry. I actually interrupted you. I’m sorry. DUNHAM: I think it’s really important —  Of course I understand what you’re saying. I also think it’s really important to understand so many women aren’t raised with the rhetoric of  . The messages they’re hearing from Donald Trump may be very similar to the messages they’ve always heard from their fathers, from their brothers, from their husbands. They haven’t been given the message that they do matter. And so, while I think we have an incredible amount of work to do with enlightening those women, I also have sympathy for the societal structures that keep them from understanding what they need to keep themselves safe. (  MRC) Follow Pam Key on Twitter @pamkeyNEN"
"Britain went to the polls Thursday to select a new government after Prime Minister Theresa May called a snap general election in April. [Polls closed at 10 pm Thursday evening, and seat results have confirmed what was suggested by the official exit poll that Theresa May’s snap election gambit has failed, wiping out her party’s majority and lead. Britain now faces a hung parliament and no clear answer for who will be the Prime Minister in a week’s time.  "
"A court officer with the powers of a judge in Oregon who federal officials claim helped an illegal alien drunk driver escape being detained by immigration officials has been identified. [On Monday, Breitbart News reported that a “judicial referee” at Portland’s Multnomah County Courthouse was accused of interfering with the apprehension of an illegal alien who had appeared in her court on a drunk driving charge.  That court officer has now been identified as Judge Monica Heeranz. It is now being reported that Heeranz allowed    Diddier Pacheco Salazar escape the custody of immigration officials after his case in her court was concluded. According to U. S. Attorney Billy Williams, Heeranz helped Salazar escape ICE officers by allowing him to escape out of a door usually reserved for use by court officers and employees. The incident occurred on January 27, just after President Trump issued his Execute Order to build a wall on the southern border with Mexico. Herranz has the powers of a judge and hears small claims cases, traffic violations, and other   cases . She is also on the board of the Oregon Hispanic Bar Association. It appears that Salazar’s   attorney had a hint that something was up. “I prepped my client. I said, ‘I don’t know if they’re going to pick you up outside or what, but here’s how to prepare,’ ” attorney John Schlosser told a local newspaper. “After the court appearance, I went out in the hallway and sat. My client never came out. I can’t say that I’m surprised he didn’t come out, but I gave him his options, and assume he had to have been escorted out some other way. ” U. S. Attorney Williams said it was troubling that a person with the powers of a judge would help a criminal escape the law. “When you’re talking about the judicial system  —   whether it’s federal or by state  —   you have an expectation that people are going to abide by the law and not take steps based on their own motivations, their own politics  —   whatever the motivation was. ” Multnomah County Circuit Court’s presiding judge, Judge Nan Waller, reportedly launched an internal investigation into Heeranz’ actions. She had previously sent an email to court staffers warning them not to impede federal officials, but she also wrote that she informed federal officials to treat the courthouse as a “sensitive location. ” Follow Warner Todd Huston on Twitter @warnerthuston or email the author at igcolonel@hotmail. com."
"President Donald Trump’s promise to halt all refugee resettlement from nations that have been compromised by Islamic terrorism may be coming sooner than expected. [Migration expert Randy Capps with the Migration Policy Institute told the Courier Journal that although Trump could potentially have to fight to send refugees already living in the U. S. back to their native countries, he could halt refugee resettlement with the stroke of a pen.  Additionally, Capps said the National Security   Registration System (NSEERS) could also be reinstated without any   from Congress. The NSEERS program tracks foreign residents who have come from countries where terrorism is a major threat. The program was shut down by former President Barack Obama, but Trump has signaled interest in using it again. The ball is already rolling on the refugee issue. In the newly   Congress, legislation has been put forward that would give individual governors the authority to stop refugee resettlement. When Trump began speaking about the refugee influx, many governors said they were not notified of ongoing resettlement, which alarmed local residents. In Nebraska and Kentucky, refugee resettlement is booming, but not with the state government’s approval. In Kentucky, as the Courier Journal notes, the Obama Administration resettled refugees at double the rate of the national average last year. Meanwhile, Nebraska has accepted more refugees per capita than any other state in the country, with 76 resettled per 100, 000 residents in 2016 alone, as Breitbart Texas reported. The state’s acceptance of refugees is almost three times the rate of the national average which currently stands at about 26 refugees per 100, 000 residents. John Binder is a contributor for Breitbart Texas. Follow him on Twitter at @JxhnBinder."
"Border Patrol agents in the El Centro Sector arrested a previously deported sex offender in southern California. He is the fifth, previously deported sex offender busted after crossing the border illegally in this sector since the beginning of the new fiscal year. [Agents working an isolated area near Mount Signal observed a man running north from the International Border. Agents caught up with the suspected illegal immigrant and confirmed he had just crossed, according to information obtained by Breitbart Texas from U. S. Customs and Border Protection officials.  The agents transported the suspect to the El Centro Station for processing. During a routine identification check, agents discovered the    Mexican national is a previously deported sex offender. The State of California convicted the man for Lewdness Acts with a Minor under 16. The court sentenced the criminal alien to 20 months in prison. Immigration and Customs Enforcement officials deported the man following his prison term. The Department of Justice will now prosecute the Mexican national for Reentry After Removal as a convicted sex offender. “The vigilant work of our agents in the El Centro Sector has led to the successful removal of a sexual predator,” Assistant Chief Patrol Agent David S. Kim said in a written statement. “We’re sending a clear message to those who have committed serious crimes in the United States and are seeking to illegally enter, that we will vigorously pursue criminal prosecution. ” Four other previously deported sex offenders have been arrested by Border Patrol agents in this sector alone over the past four months, Breitbart Texas reported earlier this month. Other sectors have also been reported the continuing arrests of previously deported sex offenders  —   illustrating the need to control our nation’s southern border with Mexico more efficiently. Bob Price serves as associate editor and senior political news contributor for Breitbart Texas. He is a founding member of the Breitbart Texas team. Follow him on Twitter @BobPriceBBTX."
"François Hollande denounced populism and nationalism ahead of upcoming French presidential elections, but Marine Le Pen hit back saying after Trump and Brexit, the French share the worldwide “aspiration for independence” in the fight against globalism. [In his New Year’s Eve address, President Hollande, who earlier in December said that he will not be seeking reelection in 2017, alluded to Front National candidate Le Pen when he warned against what he called “rising extremism,” citing Brexit in the U. K. and the election of Donald J. Trump in the U. S.  “There are periods in history when everything may change dramatically. We’re in one of those times,” said the Socialist Party member. “In five months you will make a choice   …     France is open to the world, it is European, it is fraternal. How can we imagine our country huddled behind walls, reduced to its only domestic market, returning to its national currency and in addition, discriminating against its children according to their origins?” “It would no longer be France!” added the country’s least popular president since World War II. Le Pen, who is predicted to make it to the second round of elections, blasted Hollande, saying, “Like many other political figures, [Hollande] completely renounces the restoration of democracy and independence which is so ardently the wish of the French people. ” “These last words of the year offer at least a relief,” she said. “We know that next year we will not have to undergo such a slew of platitudes and statements in total mismatch with the reality of the country and the sufferings of the French. ” “To speak of isolation for a project that is, on the contrary, in the sense of history, after Brexit and the election of Donald Trump, a return of peoples’ global aspiration for independence, is a manifest misunderstanding of the evolution of the world and of the deep desires of its peoples, including the French people,” Le Pen added. The populist party leader concluded, “The president’s wishes finally remind us that on the threshold of this New Year, a very clear alternative will be presented to the French. Either the pursuit of the globalist and Europeanist model” or a “commitment to return [sovereignty] to the people. ” The first round of the 2017 French presidential election will be held on 23 April. Should no candidate win an outright majority, a   between the top two candidates will be held on 7 May.  Along with Le Pen, The Republicans’ candidate François Fillon is expected to progress to the second round. Fillon, who recently stated that France is not a multicultural country, served as prime minister under former President Nicolas Sarkozy and according to polls is the favourite to be the next French president. The Socialist Party primaries are set for 22 January and former Prime Minister Manuel Valls has announced his presidential bid. The Socialist Party is not expected to progress beyond the first round of voting in April."
"Sunday ABC’s “This Week,” Senate Minority Leader Chuck Schumer ( ) said President Donald Trump’s proposal to build a wall on the U. S.  border wouldn’t get the votes on either the Democratic or Republican side.  Schumer said, “The border wall should be talked about, shouldn’t be rammed down people’s throats for a whole bunch of reasons. First, it’s not the best way to protect the border, everyone agrees on that. Second, it’s very expensive. Why don’t we use that money for roads? Third, let’s give the president a little chance to get Mexico to pay it. ” “Isn’t that what he told everybody that we weren’t going to pay it?” he continued. “Fourth, it’s got a big problem that Republicans in border states are opposing, Texas, Arizona, because there’s eminent domain, so you have to take private land. So instead of trying to jam it through on this   budget and saying take it or leave it, we should debate it in 2018’s budget over the summer. And, by the way, my prediction, it wouldn’t get the votes on either the Democratic or Republican side. ” Follow Pam Key on Twitter @pamkeyNEN"
"A shocking video of a Muslim man apparently racially abusing and physically assaulting a couple has caused outrage online, but has failed to trigger much interest from Police or the mainstream media. [The video, which went viral Friday morning after being shared on Twitter, appears to show a male with a heavy Polish accent being called a “pig” and “son of a bitch” and a woman being spat at and struck by a man in traditional robes.  London’s Metropolitan Police said they were “monitoring this thread should further info come to light” on Twitter, but “as a minimum requirement” needed to know the location of the incident before it could be reported as a crime. The license plates of both a hatchback and taxi involved in the incident are clearly visible in the footage. Imagine if a white person did this to a Muslim, it would be national news pic. twitter.   —   Tommy Robinson (@TRobinsonNewEra) March 2, 2017,  The video seemingly shows the aftermath of a traffic incident. A man in traditional Muslim dress with a northern accent says, “yeah, kurwa [polish for whore] your mum you son of a bitch!” to the   man. “I’m f*cking in the country you pr*ck. F*cking knob head,” he also rants. Next, he confronts a woman filming the confrontation and takes a photo of her. “Get that fucking phone out of my face before I smack it one, you son of a bitch!” he yells at her. Turning back to the towering Polish man, he continues: “Look at you  —   you eat pork and you look like pork, you fucking pig  —   you fucking pussy!” he yells. “This is racist,” the man responds. “I called you a pork bastard, I didn’t call you a white bastard,” responds the Muslim man. “Race or religion based, mate,” the man retorts, as the Muslim man backs away from him and turns to assault a woman. He first prepares to spit on the woman, only to dribble on himself, before lashing out and knocking the phone off balance, yelling “fucking move it then!” The woman screaming in distress, “don’t touch me!” as the footage ends."
"The New York Post smeared Breitbart Senior Editor MILO as an “  extremist” in a recent article mentioning the Dangerous Faggot, despite the fact that MILO has repeatedly dismissed the label. [“Chadwick Moore, a    journalist who lives in Williamsburg, had been a lifelong liberal. Then, last September, he penned a profile for Out magazine of Milo Yiannopoulos  —   a controversial   extremist who is an outspoken critic of feminism, Muslims and gay rights (despite being openly gay himself),” proclaimed the note at the beginning of OUT Magazine contributor Chadwick Moore’s recent article  where he came out as a conservative.  The smear was included in a note written by The New York Post‘s Michael Kaplan, whose byline appears on the print edition of the story, and not by Moore, whose piece was praised by MILO as a “touching story. ” MILO has been repeatedly branded “ ” by news outlets and journalists, despite the fact that both parties have repeatedly refuted this claim. In the past few months, several major news outlets have issued retractions after falsely branding MILO with terms such as “white nationalist” and “” including NBC News, USA Today, CNN, CBS, The Los Angeles Times, The Chicago Tribune, and Fusion, who called MILO a “Nazi” before deleting the post. The Mayor of Berkeley was forced to apologize after falsely labeling MILO as a “white nationalist,” but has since gone on to falsely claim that the Breitbart News senior editor is “a prominent  . ”   icon Richard Spencer previously dispelled claims of MILO being a member of the movement, stating simply that “Milo is not a part of the  ” during a video debate. Popular   blog “The Right Stuff” also bluntly declared in an article that “Milo isn’t one of us. ”"
"Sen. Warner on reports of Russian collusion: ”We have no smoking gun at this point, but there is a lot of smoke” https:  .  On this week’s broadcast of CNN’s “State of the Union. ” Vice Chairman of the Senate Intelligence Committee Sen. Mark Warner ( ) said the committee has not found a smoking gun in its investigating of Russia’s meddling in the United States presidential election and collusion with the campaign of President Donald Trump.  Warner said, “There is a lot of smoke. We have no smoking gun at this point, but there is a lot of smoke. ” Follow Pam Key On Twitter @pamkeyNEN"
"Former Navy SEAL and former Blackwater CEO Erik Prince talked about the United States v. Slatten case currently being argued before the U. S. Court of Appeals for the D. C. circuit. Also known as the “Nisour Square case,” it involves the conviction of former Blackwater contractors who were convicted of criminal offenses related to the shooting of Iraqi civilians in 2007. The contractors are seeking to have their convictions overturned on the grounds that they believed themselves to be under attack. [“I was there in person,” Prince told SiriusXM host Alex Marlow. “I feel terrible for the guys. I feel terrible for their families. ”  “They’re appealing based on the fact that the government really shopped the venue, to force the case into a D. C. jury versus Utah, where the men surrendered,” he said. “You can imagine a Utah jury seeing things differently than a D. C. jury would. ”  He added contentions that “the government suppressed evidence and didn’t really deliver defense evidence to the defense until more than halfway through the trial  —   again, illegal  —   and even that the government didn’t have jurisdiction. ” “It’s interesting that the government tries to make the case that the men  —   though the contract was funded by the Congress to the State Department, to defend the State Department’s diplomats  —   are trying to call it under control of the U. S. military,” Prince observed. “What was particularly offensive was that they said, well, because the Blackwater guys sometimes trained the military guys they came in contact with, and sometimes came to the aid of the military guys if they were under attack or wounded in Baghdad, that they became part of the military mission. ” “Certainly, that training support they gave to the military, or certainly the rescue support they gave at great personal risk to the men, was in no way part of the contract, but really part of the ‘Great Samaritan’ rule we had as a company  —   that if there was Americans that were in trouble, you went to help them regardless,” he explained. He said it was “in keeping with this Obama government” and its “Bizarro World” rules that “the Good Samaritan rule is now used against you. ” Marlow noted that the Justice Department’s lawyers conceded during hearings that enemy fire occurred in the area before the Blackwater team fired, leading him to wonder why there was still any serious contention over appealing their convictions. “That was very new news,” Prince said. “The government finally admits that, sure enough, the enemy first. And she said it not once, but twice. You can read it in the transcripts of the hearings. So hopefully, the   panel will take that into consideration. ” “The bizarre thing  —   and it speaks to why this case never should have made it to a U. S. court  —   is that these three judges, however   were asking about whether the gun made a big ‘pop’ sound or a little ‘pop’ sound, in trying to determine what kind of gun it was. For anyone that has any experience with any kind of firearms case, it was ludicrous,” he said. “If you really have to try this case, it should be under some kind of a   court, not back in a civilian court 7, 000 miles away, where no one  —   fortunately!  —   has been experiencing car bombs on a regular basis,” he asserted.  Prince predicted “the appeal process will drag on,” but he thought the judges have already made their decision and will issue them in a few weeks. “I really hope for the best for the guys,” he said. He found irony in the announcement of President Obama’s early release of Chelsea Manning on the same day the government was making landmark concessions in the U. S. v. Slatten courtroom. “This perfectly exemplifies the Obama administration,” he said. “To basically pardon a   and   traitor, who betrayed hundreds of thousands of documents, releasing them to the aid of our enemies, to include tactics, techniques, procedures on   exposing hundreds of Afghan interpreters and other people that were cooperating with the U. S. people that the Taliban now has a target list to kill, the damage is long and extensive, and yet this is what the Obama administration rewards and supports. ” “What a fitting end to the disaster that is the Barack Obama administration,” Prince declared. Marlow lamented the politicization of the Justice Department under Barack Obama, which Prince supported by noting several political aspects of the Nisour Square case. “First of all, the first federal judge that was handed this case, after months and months of review and discovery and investigation, threw the whole thing out for prosecutorial conduct,” he pointed out. “And then DOJ found another way to bring charges again, and they upped the charges this time because the statute of limitations had run out. So they create out of whole cloth other reasons for charges. ” “The summer that they try the case, it’s the summer of 2014, when Baghdad is under assault from tens of thousands of ISIS fighters, and they fly sixty Iraqis over to sit in an   hotel in Washington,” he continued. “And the jury deliberates here for six weeks. I can only imagine that the jurors didn’t have a lot better to do than to sit and deliberate, for them to take six weeks to come to a decision like that. ” “It’s one thing after another after another. When the whole case is thrown out for misconduct by the prosecution, and then DOJ brings it back again, it is a litany of wrong. There was never even forensic investigation done at the site, of course, because the FBI didn’t get to the site until three weeks later. Many former FBI and DOJ investigators have even come forward to the prosecution to say this is a disaster,” he said.  “But unfortunately, the conviction went through, and now the appeals court has the chance to set these guys right. These were four American veterans that had all served honorably and admirably in the U. S. forces. Some of them were back just weeks or months after getting out of active duty service,” Prince noted. He said there was no doubt in his mind that “were they wearing uniforms that day, this never would have happened. ” “This case came to be because the Left, the   Left  —   which went after troops during the Vietnam War  —   decided to go after contractors this time. Armed contractors were the perfect target for them,” he said. “Yes, sometimes civilians die in a combat zone. That is a terrible, terrible tragedy. There have been hundreds of thousands of civilians [who have] died since then, from enemy contact and from accidental bomb, accidental rounds. There’s a difference between intentional murder, which is what the DOJ alleges, versus the friction and danger that comes when you have enemies attacking armed people trying to do a security job, that they’re put there to do by the U. S. government,” Prince stated. He repeated that he feels “terrible” for the accused men, but described their spirits as “high” during the appeal process, and said they “still have confidence in the United States of America to do the right thing on this. ” Breitbart News Daily airs on SiriusXM Patriot 125 weekdays from 6:00 a. m. to 9:00 a. m. Eastern. LISTEN: "
"The Kardashian sisters visited Planned Parenthood’s headquarters in West Los Angeles Thursday to meet with officials of the abortion vendor about its services and its difficulties with the Trump administration, reports TMZ. [So great to meet the amazing doctors and nurses @PPFA in Los Angeles.  Proud to #StandWithPP #PlannedParenthood,  —   Khloé (@khloekardashian) May 12, 2017,   Kim, Kourtney, and Khloe arrived at Planned Parenthood  —   arm in arm  —   reportedly to raise awareness about the services offered by the chain and to offer their assistance. The sisters’ visit was taped for an as yet unscheduled episode of their show, Keeping Up with the Kardashians. President Donald Trump has promised to defund Planned Parenthood and redirect its taxpayer funding to other community healthcare centers if the group continues to perform abortions. Planned Parenthood’s president Cecile Richards, however, has said her organization “is proud to provide abortion. ” Planned Parenthood is proud to provide abortion —  a necessary service that’s as vital to our mission as birth control or cancer screenings. https:  .   —   Cecile Richards (@CecileRichards) March 6, 2017,  With continued threats of losing its taxpayer funding, Planned Parenthood has been attempting to give the appearance it is a comprehensive healthcare provider.   organization Live Action, however, has produced a video that utilizes the group’s annual reports to show the actual decline in its healthcare services, while abortions have increased.  “Over the last six years, Planned Parenthood’s annual clientele has dropped half a million clients,” the Live Action video reports. “And over the last 10 years reported, Planned Parenthood has shut down over 200 facilities. ” The video goes on to report that also over the last 10 years, Planned Parenthood’s annual breast exams have declined 60 percent, and, currently, the group performs less than two percent of breast exams in the United States. Additionally, the group’s annual Pap tests have decreased 77 percent, Live Action continues, with a current market share of less than one percent of these procedures. Similarly, Planned Parenthood’s annual cancer screenings have decreased 68 percent, and the group currently performs less than two percent of U. S. cancer screenings for women. “However, Planned Parenthood’s annual abortions have increased 27 percent,” observes Live Action, noting the group performs 34. 9 percent of abortions in the nation. Despite the stark decline in services other than abortions, Planned Parenthood’s government funding has more than doubled, from $272 million to $553 million, with the group claiming taxpayer funding is not used to pay for abortions. “For years, Planned Parenthood supporters in Congress have touted services that are declining, virtually nonexistent, or were never even offered at the abortion group to justify it receiving half a billion dollars from taxpayers every year,” Live Action president Lila Rose states. Live Action’s most recent video highlights how   politicians promote Planned Parenthood’s   “healthcare services,” when such services are either unavailable or largely declining.  A recent Marist poll found that 61 percent of Americans oppose taxpayer funding of abortion, including 40 percent of those who say they are “” and 41 percent of Democrats. In its last year reported, Planned Parenthood performed some 324, 000 abortions. The organization has been referred for possible criminal prosecution by several congressional committees following allegations it sells the harvested body parts of aborted babies for a profit."
"On Thursday’s broadcast of CNN’s “The Lead,” CNN Political Analyst and USA Today columnist Kirsten Powers reacted to former Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton’s remarks where she pointed to FBI Director James Comey, WikiLeaks, Russia, misogyny, Senator Bernie Sanders ( ) and the media as some reasons why she lost the 2016 election by stating, “Never in this equation is Hillary Clinton to blame for anything, and she was, after all, the candidate. ”  Powers said, “Never in this equation is Hillary Clinton to blame for anything, and she was, after all, the candidate. There were outside forces that were affecting the campaign, no question, but there were a lot of things, I think related to her candidacy that were problematic. And I don’t think this helps Democrats, frankly, to be looking back at this. I think people want to move on and not seem like sour grapes. It makes the audience she was talking to happy. This was Women in the World, very liberal women, and I think it makes the base happy, but I don’t think it’s helpful overall. ” Follow Ian Hanchett on Twitter @IanHanchett"
"Labour leader Jeremy Corbyn has stirred condemnation and disbelief from members of his own party after it was revealed he attended a graveside   ceremony honoring a Palestinian terrorist involved in the 1972 Munich Olympics massacre. [In a story published in the Sunday Times, a column written by the Labour leader in October 2014 for the Communist Party newspaper Morning Star was cited as evidence he attended a ceremony in Tunisia “where wreaths were laid  …     on the graves of [those] killed by Mossad agents in Paris in 1991”. Mr Corbyn described the event as “poignant”.  He wrote: “After wreaths were laid at the graves of those who died on that day and on the graves of others killed by Mossad agents in Paris in 1991, we moved to the poignant statue in the main avenue of the coastal town of Ben Arous, which was festooned with Palestinian and Tunisian flags. ” There is no record of Mossad having conducted an assassination in Paris in 1991. Among those buried at the cemetery visited by Mr Corbyn is Atef Bseiso, who was head of intelligence for the PLO and was involved in the murder of 11 Israeli athletes and coaches as part of the infamous terrorist operation. The visit came just 12 months after Mr. Corbyn assumed leadership of the Labour Party. During the Middle East trip, the man seeking to be prime minister also attended a conference alongside members of Hamas and the Popular Front for the Liberation of Palestine.   Jewish groups were quick to respond. Labour Friends of Israel  condemned the news, saying it was part of a “a very disturbing pattern of behaviour. ” Simon Johnson, chief executive of the Jewish Leadership Council, said: “In light of today’s news reports, it is high time that Jeremy Corbyn clarifies his views regarding Palestinian terrorism. At first sight, attending a   ceremony of a known terrorist, who led one of the most notorious acts of international terrorism, the attack on the Munich Olympics, would appear to be beyond the pale”.  "
"Puerto Rico is set to file the largest public sector bankruptcy in history after vulture capitalist hedge funds that bought big pieces of the island’s $73 billion in defaulted debt for     refused to take $24 billion haircut. [The U. S. territory made its   offer to try to avoid a May 1 bankruptcy filing, but failed to negotiate a financial restructuring that would force creditors to take a 23 percent loss on their general obligation bonds and a 42 percent loss on their Cofina    debt, according to EMMA, the Municipal Securities Rulemaking Board website.  Puerto Rico’s bond defaults last summer caused the Obama administration to   with a bipartisan majority in Congress to pass “The Puerto Rico Oversight, Management and Economic Stability Act” (PROMESA) which turned over the island’s finances to a federally appointed committee and created a “Title III” bankruptcy process. Breitbart News reported that the big motivation for taking over America’s worst welfare den was the fear of up to a million Puerto Ricans migrating to the mainland” if hedge fund “vulture capitalist” investors, who bought up the island’s bonds debt at about 30 cents on the dollar, were able to use lawsuits to shake down the U. S. government for a bailout by jeopardizing the island’s ability to pay for schools, police officers and health care. PROMESA gave the control board defacto authority to sell government assets, consolidate agencies, and fire government workers to restructure the island’s balance sheet. It also put a retroactive stay on bondholder lawsuits to grab assets liens. One key reason Puerto Rico’s economy has imploded was that the Popular Democratic   legislature made Spanish the official language in 1991 for all schools and government use. Partly as a result, 86 percent of the island does not speak English in the home and almost a third of the residents are on welfare. Poor language skills have prevented the reaction of call centers and other U. S. service businesses to Puerto Rico. Puerto Rico Catholic Archbishop Roberto Gonzáleziocese and Reverend Heriberto Martínez, the head of the Puerto Rico Bible Society, issued a joint statement this week: “If the oversight board and Governor do not act by April 28th, we fear that Puerto Rico could be held hostage by predatory actors and ‘vulture’ funds. ” But negotiating a settlement with the vultures became much more difficult after August, when an new audit of the union controlled Puerto Rico Employees’ Retirement System and two smaller public pension plans revealed that there are only about $1. 8 billion in assets to pay $45 billion in pension liabilities. With about 1 in 10 Puerto Ricans either government public employees, retirees, or beneficiaries, the audit revealed that Democrat Governor Alejandro Garcia Padilla spiked the island’s cash contribution to Puerto Rico’s pension plans from $400 million in 2015 to $747. 3 million las July, rather than paying the defaulted bonds. According to Jubilee USA’s executive director Eric LeCompte, who advises 650 local faith communities and worked on the Title III legislation, the Puerto Rico oversight board met in New York on April 28 to consider authorizing a Title III filing to prevent creditor lawsuits from liening the island’s assets and tax streams. He commented, “Puerto Rico’s time is almost up and it is the responsibility of the oversight board to now authorize the bankruptcy process. ” Prior to Puerto Rico, the largest public sector bankruptcies were: $19 billon on July 18, 2013 by the City of Detroit, Michigan $4. 2 on November 9, 2011 by Jefferson County, Alabama and $2. 6 billion on December 6, 1994 by Orange County, California."
"Shocked villagers have described the ‘nasty’ destruction of a war memorial in Tilbury Juxta Clare featuring Jesus on the cross as an attack on Christianity. [According to the East Anglian Daily Times, locals were ‘extremely upset’ when they noticed the memorial’s Christ on the cross statue had been smashed off its plinth and “systematically” attacked to destroy its ears, face, and legs.  Anthony   who lives nearby, said he was “appalled” at the damage done to the monument, which commemorates residents of the small hamlet who lost their lives in World War I. “It’s wanton vandalism of a nasty nature on something which is the core of British society  —   our Christian religion  —   and attacking a war memorial too,” he said. Police are believed to be treating the incident as vehicular damage, but residents of the Essex hamlet insist the specific damage done to the statue, which lies fallen behind the plinth, points to its destruction having been a “deliberate” attack carried out by vandals. “It’s been quite systematically desecrated,” said Mr.  . “I think our neighbours are rather shocked, not quite as shocked as we are as it’s happened a couple of times before. “[The statue of Christ] has been smashed off the top and then laid on the ground and the face and the legs have been smashed off. It’s terrible. This was determined, wilful damage by one or more persons. ” Another local, who didn’t want to be named, said the damage looked like a “hate crime” telling the East Anglian Daily Times: “It looks like someone has smashed it up with a crowbar, or perhaps a knife. “It certainly looks deliberate, like someone has set out to do it really nastily. “The memorial is a real landmark because it has a figure of Christ on it, everyone in the village admires it,” she added. In November, Breitbart London reported that Dülmen’s Catholic community was left devastated by a wave of attacks on Christian statues in the German village. Local media detailed how ‘not a day goes by’ without locals discovering new damage to religious statues, in attacks that police admitted could have been motivated by   religious ideology. And in France, the nation’s interior minister revealed in February that attacks on Christian places of worship have more than doubled since 2008 while racist,   and   attacks saw a huge fall during the same period."
"A dog heroically saved a family from a house fire Wednesday morning. [Jack, a    German   bill mix, licked his owners’ faces to warn them of danger as flames broke out in the back bedroom of a home in Philadelphia, CBS Philadelphia reported.  “As soon as I got to the scene they said, ‘[Jack] saved our lives, he woke us up,’” Jennifer Leary with Red Paw Relief, an organization that helps pets displaced by disasters, said. The family was able to make it to safety, thanks to Jack. Four adults and five children made it out of the home without a scratch, according to Leary. Jack and two cats were in the home at the time of the fire. One of the cats did not survive. Jack and the surviving cat remain in the care of Red Paw Relief. The cause of the fire is still under investigation."
"NORRISTOWN, Pa. (AP)  —   Bill Cosby’s chief accuser took the stand at his sexual assault trial Tuesday to tell her story publicly for the first time, saying the comedian violated her after giving her three blue pills that left her paralyzed and helpless. [“In my head, I was trying to get my hands to move or my legs to move, but I was frozen,” Andrea Constand, a    former employee of the basketball program at Temple University, said in their   courtroom confrontation. “I wasn’t able to fight in any way. ”  She added: “I wanted it to stop. ” Cosby, 79, is charged with drugging and sexually abusing Constand at his suburban Philadelphia home in 2004. The TV star once dubbed America’s Dad could get 10 years in prison if convicted. His lawyers tried to poke holes in Constand’s story, citing differences between her courtroom testimony and the accounts she gave to police and in a lawsuit in 2005. The defense has argued the two had a romantic relationship, that Constand wasn’t incapacitated and that the sexual encounter was consensual. Constand, an athletic   with dark curly hair, was calm and collected as she testified, looking at the jury as she began describing the assault. She said Cosby gave her pills he claimed were a natural remedy to ease her stress about a looming career change. “They’re your friends. They’ll take the edge off,” she quoted him as saying. She told the jury she started feeling woozy after about 20 minutes, with blurred vision, slurred words and legs that felt like rubber. Cosby then penetrated her with his hand and also placed her hand on his penis and moved it back and forth, she said. She said she was unable to push him away or tell him to stop. Afterward, Constand said, “I felt really humiliated and I felt really confused. ” Cosby, sitting across the room at the defense table, leaned in to listen, whispered to his lawyer and, at times, shook his head. Before Tuesday, Constand had never spoken about Cosby in public, barred from doing so under the terms of a confidential settlement they reached in 2006. Her deposition from that lawsuit remains sealed. Some 60 women have come forward to say Cosby sexually violated them, all but destroying his   image, but the statute of limitations for prosecution had run out in nearly every case. Constand’s case is the only one in which Cosby has been charged. Constand, who is from the Toronto area, met Cosby while working for the women’s basketball team at Temple, Cosby’s alma mater. She said they became friends over conversations about the team and later her career. He invited her to dine with him at his home. Cosby was “somebody I trusted,” Constand said. “A mentor. ” But he had also previously made advances on her, she said. One time, he placed a hand on her thigh. Another time, she said, Cosby tried to undo her pants but took his hand away when she leaned forward and told him: “I’m not here for that. I don’t want that. ” Asked by a prosecutor why she remained friends with him, she said: “I wasn’t scared of someone making an advance at me or a pass at me. ” The defense has pointed out that phone records show Constand called Cosby 53 times after she says he assaulted her. Constand told the jury the calls mostly involved the women’s basketball team, especially around tournament time. “It had more to do with business than it did with me personally,” she said. Constand also said she went to a performance of Cosby’s later that year with her family in Canada after Cosby arranged to drop off tickets. She felt “terrible” about it, she said, especially when her mother brought Cosby some Canadian souvenirs. “It was a very big burden on me, but   …     I did not have the courage at the time to tell my family,” she said. “So I just went along with them. ” During   defense lawyers seized on what they said were inconsistencies in Constand’s accounts, including her answers on how long she had known Cosby and whether she had ever been alone with him before. Cosby lawyer Angela Agrusa also pressed Constand on why she stayed in contact with Cosby afterward. Constand’s   will continue when court resumes Wednesday. The stage was set for her testimony after prosecutors used the first day and a half of the trial to argue that Cosby made a habit of knocking women out with pills and then molesting them. Kelly Johnson testified on Day 1 that Cosby drugged and molested her at a Los Angeles hotel bungalow in 1996. She said she lost consciousness soon after Cosby pressured her to take a large white pill. She said that when she awoke, her breast was exposed, and a naked Cosby forced her to sexually gratify him with her hand. On Tuesday, Johnson’s mother, Pattrice Sewell, bolstered her daughter’s story. She told jurors that Johnson was distraught during a telephone call in 1996, fearing Cosby was trying to get her fired from her job working for the comedian’s agent. A few weeks later, Sewell said, Johnson disclosed that she had woken up next to Cosby in bed with her clothes askew. Sewell said they didn’t go to police at the time because her husband, a Los Angeles detective, feared the ordeal that would ensue. “Her father didn’t want her to be humiliated and feel shame and embarrassment as he had seen other women go through when they went to the police at that time. He didn’t want that,” Sewell said. Johnson told a similar story about Cosby in 1996, when she gave sworn testimony as part of a workers’ compensation claim, lawyer Joseph Miller testified Tuesday. She claimed to have developed debilitating stress from her secretarial job at the William Morris Agency and eventually settled for around $10, 000, according to Miller, who represented the talent agency in the case. But Miller’s account differed from Johnson’s in at least one respect: Under questioning from Cosby’s lawyers, Miller said his notes show Johnson told him the encounter with Cosby happened in 1990, not 1996. The Associated Press does not typically identify people who say they are sexual assault victims unless they grant permission, which Constand and Johnson have done."
"India has threatened to cancel Amazon employees’ visas if the online retailer continues to sell doormats with the country’s flag featured. [Foreign Minister Sushma Swaraj issued the threat Wednesday via Twitter, saying that if the product was not removed from Amazon Canada’s website, she would deny visas to Amazon employees and “rescind the visas issued earlier”:  Amazon must tender unconditional apology. They must withdraw all products insulting our national flag immediately.    —   Sushma Swaraj (@SushmaSwaraj) January 11, 2017,  If this is not done forthwith, we will not grant Indian Visa to any Amazon official. We will also rescind the Visas issued earlier.  —   Sushma Swaraj (@SushmaSwaraj) January 11, 2017,  “Amazon must tender unconditional apology,” she said. “They must withdraw all products insulting our national flag immediately. ” Swaraj called the product “unacceptable” and asked the Indian High Commission in Canada to take the issue with Amazon up to “the highest level. ” Amazon representatives in the United States did not immediately comment on the matter, but a company spokeswoman from India said they needed “time to assess and respond,” CNN reported. Amazon’s customer service team also addressed the issue on one of its Twitter accounts, saying Amazon’s India site never sold the products. “We have escalated this to our concerned teams and are working on the issue,” the tweet said. The doormats of the flag had outraged many people on Amazon’s Canada site, with many people giving the product negative reviews and   ratings. “You cannot insult a national flag of India by making a doormat of it,” said one user. “Delete this listing immediately. ” It is considered disrespectful in India for the national flag to touch the ground or be printed on clothing or furniture. A spokesman for India’s Foreign Ministry said Amazon had already removed the listing. “Our Mission in Ottawa took up the matter with Amazon Canada,” Ministry of External Affairs spokesman Vikas Swarup told the Toronto Star. “They are no longer selling that item. ”"
"So much for the idea that the Federal Reserve will stand in the way of a Trump economic boom. [President Donald Trump’s promises to cut taxes, increase infrastructure spending, and reduce regulatory burdens on businesses have boosted optimism of everyone from CEOs to small businesses to consumers, sent the financial markets soaring, and boosted job creation. But many skeptics view the   moves in sentiment and markets as evidence of a “sugar high” and warned that the Fed might undermine Trump’s attempts to spur faster economic growth.  Fed chair Janet Yellen shot that idea down in her press conference on Wednesday. “We would certainly welcome stronger economic growth in the context of price stability,” Yellen said. “I certainly urge Congress and the administration to consider policies that would boost productivity growth and raise the economy’s   ‘speed limit’ or potential grow. I think those would be welcome changes we would like to see. ” The stock market rallied during the press conference. The Fed has said that it expects the economy to grow at 2. 1% this year and next, with growth falling off to 1. 9% the following year. Its long term view is that the economy will grow around 1. 8%. Some Fed watchers had speculated that the Fed might view this as the maximum sustainable pace, so that any attempts to drive faster growth would generate unwanted levels of inflation. That, in theory, could lead to the Fed raising rates more quickly, counteracting fiscal stimulus created by tax cuts or infrastructure spending. Yellen also made it clear that the Fed’s current economic projections do not reflect potential tax cuts or other policy changes. That means that even though the economy is performing at or near where the Fed thinks it can with current fiscal policies, changes to those policies could raise the Fed’s expectations for potential   growth. That is a signal from the Fed to Capitol Hill and the White House to proceed with tax cuts and expansionary policies full speed ahead."
"Reputed Trump confidant and Newsmax CEO Chris Ruddy told PBS News’s Judy Woodruff Monday that President Donald Trump is considering dismissing Special Counsel Robert Mueller, according to a tweet by Woodruff. [.@ChrisRuddyNMX tells me Pres Trump is ”considering perhaps terminating” Robert Mueller as special counsel @NewsHour,  —   Judy Woodruff (@JudyWoodruff) June 12, 2017,   The news comes on the eve of Attorney General Jeff Sessions testifying before the Senate Intelligence Committe on the Russia investigation. This follows a hearing featuring the testimony of fired FBI director James Comey before the same body. Mueller  —   who, on his appointment by Deputy Attorney General Rod Rosenstein, took independent control of the investigation into Russian involvement in the 2016 elections  —   had a shadow cast on his impartiality when Comey, a   mentee of Mueller’s who suceeded him at the Bureau, revealed under oath that he deliberately leaked a potentially privileged memo to the press specifically to ensure the appointment of a special counsel. The ploy worked. Rosenstein, who was handling the investigation because Sessions had already recused himself based on his involvement in the 2016 Trump presidential campaign, came under immense political pressure to appoint a special counsel. Mueller was quickly applauded as an impartial choice by voices across the political spectrum. Since his appointment, he has made signals as to the criminal nature of his investigation, hiring Andrew Weissmann, the former head of the DOJ criminal division’s fraud section, and former Deputy Solicitor General Michael Dreeben. A more controversial pick of Mueller’s was former prosecutor and WilmerHale partner Jeannie Rhee. In 2015, according to Politico, she performed work for the Clinton Foundation, defending it from FOIA requests related to Hillary Clinton’s private email server. These developements have raised some red flags on the right. For example, Former House Speaker Newt Gingrich told Fox News, “This is going to be a witch hunt. ” Joining the chorus was Americans for Limited Government President Rick Manning, suggesting Mueller’s role should be curtailed if not eliminated. In a prepared statement, he wrote: Given former FBI Director James Comey’s testimony that there is no collusion between President Trump and Russia to do with the campaign, the scope of Special Counsel Robert Mueller’s investigation should be dramatically narrowed by Attorney General Jeff Sessions to simply the leaks and the Obama administration unmaskings to led to this witch hunt in the first place. If Mueller refuses to investigate these leaks, which are one of the central reasons he was even appointed as Special Counsel, then the Special Counsel should be discontinued. It is not up to the Justice Department to choose who the President of the United States is. The American people already made that decision in 2016. Sessions will testify tomorrow at 2:30 p. m. Eastern Time."
"  Yemen, currently gripped by a humanitarian crisis and cholera epidemic, is spiraling towards “total” collapse as an unable or indifferent world just stands by watching, declares a   United Nations official. [In a statement to the U. N. Security Council, Stephen O’Brien, the international body’s    for humanitarian affairs and emergency relief coordinator, proclaimed:  The people of Yemen are being subjected to deprivation, disease, and death as the world watches. This is not an unforeseen or coincidental result of forces beyond our control. It is a direct consequence of actions of the parties and supporters of the conflict, and is also, sadly, a result of inaction  —   whether due to inability or indifference  —   by the international community. Since March 2015, a Saudi   Sunni coalition, backed by the United States, has been primarily fighting   Shiite Houthis rebels in the country, allowing   to flourish. Regional enemies Sunni Saudi Arabia and Shiite Iran are fighting a proxy war in the Middle Eastern country, considered the Arab world’s poorest country. O’Brien added: Urgent action is required to stem the suffering. And yet, based on facts and  —   as ever  —   in complete candor, I return here [U. N. Security Council] to report the situation on the ground has continued to spiral downwards towards total social, economic and institutional collapse. Yemen has the ignominy of being now the world’s largest food security crisis with more than 17 million people who are food insecure, 6. 8 million of whom are one step away from famine. Crisis is not coming, it is not looming, it is here today  —   on our watch and ordinary people are paying the price. The humanitarian crisis is primarily driven by a lack of access to seaports due to decisions by the U. S.    coalition and the deteriorating security situation, argued the U. N. official. Seaports, the main entry point of commercial and humanitarian imports, are a lifeline for Yemen, which has historically been 80 to 90 percent dependent on imported food supplies. “Time is running out. The Yemeni people face a ‘triple threat’ of armed conflict, famine, and deadly disease that has already killed, injured, displaced or otherwise affected millions and it will spare no one if it continues unchecked,” pointed out O’Brien. “The cruel irony, as I said at the beginning, is that these threats are   and could easily have been prevented. ” The U. N. blamed the ongoing conflict for the problems facing Yemen. People’s access to food in provinces where active fighting continues is diminishing, particularly due to high and rising prices of scarce commodities. “What is worse the threat of famine is driven and exacerbated by conflict. Yemen is not facing a drought. If there was no conflict in Yemen, there would be no descent into famine, misery, disease and death  —   a famine would certainly be avoidable and averted,” O’Brien said. “We all know there will be no military solution. ” Cholera, a diarrheal disease spread by food or water tainted with human feces, is also afflicting the Yemeni people. The disease has already killed hundreds. While the International Federation of Red Cross and Red Crescent Societies (IFRC) places the Cholera death toll at more than 400, O’Brien said an estimated 500 have been killed. “The health sector in Yemen is on the verge of collapse. At least 274 health facilities have been damaged or destroyed,” reports the Red Cross organization. “More than half of all health facilities in Yemen are either closed or only partially functioning. An estimated 14. 8 million people now lack access to basic healthcare, including 8. 8 million living in severely   areas, 14. 5 million people lack access to clean water, sanitation and hygiene services. ” “People are dying because even basic medical treatment, that we would take for granted, is no longer available,” added O’Brien. “By the time I finish my statement to the [U. N. Security] Council today, another child in Yemen will have died from a preventable disease. ” Cholera is affecting nearly 90 percent of the country (19 out of 22 provinces). There are an estimated 52, 140 suspected cases across the country, notes IFRC. Despite the problems, the international community has only funded about 25 percent ($489 million) of the overall cost ($2. 1 billion) of the humanitarian strategy and plan. “I strongly urge that funding is provided in support of the humanitarian strategy and plan as it is the most effective, neutral and impartial way to reach those most in need,” proclaimed O’Brien."
"GOP Utah senator Mike Lee told Breitbart News Tuesday he was disappointed by the circus atmosphere at the confirmation hearing for Sen. Jeff Sessions (R. . ).[“It is about what I expected —  a little more cowbell than I had predicted —  there have been an unusual number of outbursts within the hearing room,” said Lee.  “I think that is unfortunate   …     It cheapens the proceedings,” said Lee, who clerked for Supreme Court Justice Samuel Alito, first when he was a federal appeals judge and then again when Alito was on the Supreme Court. The Senator said people have a right to express themselves guaranteed by the First Amendment, but they should express themselves in a way that does not disrupt the confirmation hearings for Sessions. Lee said since he came to the Senate in 2011, he has come to enjoy working with Sessions. “He is a good man,” he said. “In the six years of working with him, Jeff Sessions has always —  I have seen him many situations —  I have never seen him treat anyone with disrespect  —  even in moments when people were saying things that he strongly disagreed with,” he said. “It speaks volumes about him,” he added. “He is a very good person and I can’t say that about everyone, but I can definitely say it about him. ”"
"Pepsi pulled its     soda commercial Wednesday following massive online backlash and also apologized to model Kendall Jenner, who starred in the     minute spot. [“Pepsi was trying to project a global message of unity, peace and understanding,” the soda giant said in a statement Wednesday. “Clearly we missed the mark, and we apologize. We did not intend to make light of any serious issue. We are removing the content and halting any further rollout. We also apologize for putting Kendall Jenner in this position. ”  The ad, titled, “Live for Now Moments Anthem,” depicted Jenner ditching a modeling shoot to join demonstrators at a nondescript protest in the streets of New York City. The    model appears to calm the raucous demonstration by sharing a can of Pepsi with a police officer.  Critics of the ad flooded social media, many of them arguing that the ad   the   Trump “resistance” movement to make a profit. In particular, some critics noted that the scene of Jenner handing the soda can to the police officer was reminiscent of a photograph taken last year of Black Lives Matter protester Ieshia Evans confronting a police officer in Baton Rouge. Pepsi initially appeared to defend the in a statement issued to Breitbart News on Tuesday. “This is a global ad that reflects people from different walks of life coming together in a spirit of harmony, and we think that’s an important message to convey,” the soda company had said. Fallout from the commercial, however, had spread quickly on social media, and included criticism from Rev. Dr. Martin Luther King Jr. ’s youngest child Bernice King, television personality Piers Morgan, and Black Lives Matter activist DeRey McKesson. If only Daddy would have known about the power of #Pepsi. pic. twitter.   —   Be A King (@BerniceKing) April 5, 2017,  The new @pepsi ad with @KendallJenner is stupefyingly diabolical. Absurd,     snowflake claptrap. pic. twitter.   —   Piers Morgan (@piersmorgan) April 4, 2017,  If I had carried Pepsi I guess I never would’ve gotten arrested. Who knew?  —   deray mckesson (@deray) April 5, 2017,  It’s incredible that @pepsi apologized to Kendall. She chose to be a part of that ad. Pepsi needs to apologize to the protestors.  —   deray mckesson (@deray) April 5, 2017,  ”Now just wait one second officers. I have a Pepsi.” pic. twitter.   —   Philip Lewis (@Phil_Lewis_) April 5, 2017,  pic. twitter.   —   David Burge (@iowahawkblog) April 5, 2017,  J. Edgar Hoover takes aim from the grassy knoll. The motorcade approaches. He fires. JFK raises a #Pepsi to his lips, blocks the bullet.  —   Patton Oswalt (@pattonoswalt) April 5, 2017,  The very real struggle of the marganilized to survive under Trump is not an opportunity for @KendallJenner and @Pepsi to market themselves.  —   Brianna Wu (@Spacekatgal) April 5, 2017,  The Kendall Jenner Pepsi fiasco is a perfect example of what happens when there’s no black people in the room when decisions are being made.  —   Travon Free (@Travon) April 4, 2017,  A white girl calming the tensions at a   by giving the officers some soda?  …    . .Yea. .Pepsi didn’t think that one through.  —   #TrustTheProcess (@KENNotBeStopped) April 5, 2017,  @pepsi does this look familiar? ‍♂️ Good job guys 👍. You guys are killing it 🙄😒. #wokejusttomakeabuck pic. twitter.   —   AR$ (@Oramihigh) April 5, 2017,    Follow Jerome Hudson on Twitter @jeromeehudson"
"Leaders across Europe have been reacting to the news that the Conservatives have lost their majority, pitching the country back into hung Parliament territory. [Unsurprisingly the main concern on the continent is how the result will impact Brexit. With negotiations due to begin in just under two weeks, EU leaders have been urging the British Prime Minister, Theresa May, to get her house in order as fast as possible.  We don’t know when Brexit talks start. We know when they must end. Do your best to avoid a “no deal” as result of “no negotiations”. #GE2017,  —   Donald Tusk (@eucopresident) June 9, 2017,  President of the European Council Donald Tusk urged the British to “do your best to avoid “no deal” a theme he followed up in a letter of congratulations to Theresa May. “Our shared responsibility and urgent task now is to conduct the negotiations on the UK’s withdrawal from the European Union in the best possible spirit, securing the least disruptive outcome for our citizens, businesses and countries after March 2019,” he wrote, adding: “The timeframe set by Article 50 of the Treaty leaves us with no time to lose. ” The EU’s chief Brexit negotiator Michel Barnier also urged the moving forward of Brexit talks, albeit with less haste. #Brexit negotiations should start when UK is ready timetable and EU positions are clear. Let’s put our minds together on striking a deal,  —   Michel Barnier (@MichelBarnier) June 9, 2017,  EU Commission President   Juncker meanwhile merely urged Britain to form a government “as soon as possible”. “As far as the Commission is concerned we can open negotiations tomorrow morning at half past nine,” he said, according to the BBC. “First we have to agree on the divorce and exit modalities, and then we have to envisage the architecture of our future relations. I do hope that the result of the elections will have no major impact on the negotiations we are desperately waiting for. ” Guy Verhofstadt, President of the Alliance of Liberals and Democrats for Europe and a member of the EU’s Brexit negotiating team, made no secret of his hopes ahead of the election, tweeting a picture of EU and British unity. Hopefully, the British are voting with this picture in mind :) pic. twitter.   —   Guy Verhofstadt (@GuyVerhofstadt) June 8, 2017,  As the results came in he did not hold back, calling the outcome an “own goal” for the Conservatives. Yet another own goal, after Cameron now May, will make already complex negotiations even more complicated.  —   Guy Verhofstadt (@GuyVerhofstadt) June 9, 2017,  German politicians meanwhile were bullish, clearly viewing the result as a victory for the EU’s negotiating team.  Elmar Brok, Brexit representative for Angela Merkel’s CDU Party in the European Parliament predicted May’s resignation, saying: “Theresa May’s authority in her own party is broken. She has become a weak prime minister and negotiator. It is quite possible she will go. ” Jens Geier of the rival SPD was similarly scathing. “She missed her target of an absolute majority,” he said. “The Prime Minister hasn’t got the support for a strengthened negotiating position with the rest of the EU member states. ” Martin Schulz, who is running against Merkel in the upcoming German elections meanwhile confirmed he had gone a step further and had reached out to May’s rival, Labour leader Jeremy Corbyn. What a race! Congratulations to @jeremycorbyn and @UKLabour!  —   Martin Schulz (@MartinSchulz) June 9, 2017,  Just talked to Jeremy Corbyn on the phone. We agreed to meet very soon.  —   Martin Schulz (@MartinSchulz) June 9, 2017,  Jaroslaw Gowin, deputy prime minister in Poland’s conservative government was less thrilled, describing the results as a “bad sign for Europe” which “deepened the uncertainties over the future of Europe,” the Telegraph has reported. Further afield, Konstantin Kosachev, the head of the foreign affairs committee in Russia’s upper house quipped that Theresa May had “stepped on Cameron’s rake” and had scored “the home goal of the season”. “What happens next is far less predictable,” Mr Kosachev said via Facebook, “but in any case, the next government won’t have guaranteed support in parliament and the efficiency of its work will decrease. Equally predictable is a period of instability and a decline of British authority in international affairs. ” The Italian newspaper Corriere della Sera meanwhile was decisive in its verdict, proclaiming: “Theresa’s gamble failed, she is no Margaret Thatcher. ”"
"BEIRUT (AP)  —   Residents of the northern Syrian city of Raqqa live in terror, trapped as a massive human shield in the Islamic State’s de facto capital ahead of the final battle with   opposition forces for the militant group’s last major urban stronghold. [A belt of land mines and militant checkpoints circle the city. Inside, all the men have been ordered to wear the jihadis’ garb of baggy pants and long shirts  —   making it difficult to distinguish Islamic State militants from civilians.  Hundreds if not thousands of Syrians who fled from other parts of the country now live in tents in Raqqa’s streets, vulnerable to both warplanes and ground fighting. Enormous tarps have been stretched for blocks in the city center to hide the militants’ movements from spy planes and satellites. The estimated 300, 000 people trapped inside live in terrifying uncertainty over how to find safety. Airstrikes by the   coalition shake the city almost daily, mainly hitting northern neighborhoods, amid reports of civilians killed by strikes in the nearby countryside. Leaflets dropped by coalition warplanes give confusing directions  —   one suggests areas closer to the Euphrates River are safer, but another warns that boats crossing the river will be struck. Mass panic erupted on Sunday, when IS announced on mosque loudspeakers that US strikes had hit a dam to the west of Raqqa. Residents were urged to flee imminent flooding, and thousands did. The militants allowed them into   countryside nearby, as long as they left their possessions behind, according to an activist who is in touch with people inside the city. Hours later, the militants announced it was a false alarm and urged everyone to return. “The people really don’t know where to go,” said the activist, saying residents were caught between airstrikes, land mines and IS fighters mingling among civilians. To get a picture of Raqqa, The Associated Press talked to more than a dozen people with knowledge of the city, including residents who were still there or who had recently escaped, and activists with organizations that track events through contacts inside, as well as diplomats, the US military and aid groups. Almost all spoke on condition they not be identified, fearing for their own lives or the lives of their contacts. Getting information is difficult. Militants constantly look for “spies. ” One activist said two people had recently been put to death for suspected contact with the coalition. The only internet access is in a few approved cafes where patrons must give their names and addresses and endure spot checks by IS fighters, who burst in and order everyone to raise their hands so computer screens can be inspected. Raqqa, a provincial capital on the northern bank of the Euphrates, is the next major battle against the Islamic State group as Iraqi forces push to complete the recapture of northern Iraqi city of Mosul after nearly six months of fighting. For the Raqqa campaign, a   force of Syrian fighters, dominated by Kurds and supported by US special forces, artillery and air power, have been maneuvering to isolate the city. Concerns over civilian casualties have become a significant issue in the fight for Mosul. Amnesty International said Tuesday a significant spike in civilian casualties suggests the coalition is not taking enough precautions in its airstrikes. The US has said it is investigating the deaths, but American and Iraqi officials also suggested the militants blew up homes and blamed the coalition. The Islamic State has sent most of its European fighters out of Raqqa farther east to the region of Deir   deeper into its shrinking territory, according to Tim Ramadan, an activist with the group Sound and Picture, who remains in Raqqa, and Eyas Dass, editor of Al Raqqa Post, an opposition website that documents atrocities by IS and the Syrian government. That is probably a sign it wants to protect the foreigners, either for a propaganda campaign or to send them to carry out attacks in their home countries, they said. Both spoke on condition they be identified by the aliases they always use in their activities to protect themselves and families.   Syrians and Iraqis are leading the defense in Raqqa, bolstered by reinforcements from those who withdrew from Mosul and other parts of Iraq. Dass said about 2, 000 fighters and their families are en route from Iraq, and Ramadan said many are already in Raqqa. Rami Abdurrahman, head of the Syrian Observatory for Human Rights, estimated over 4, 000 fighters in the city. Earlier this month, the militants used their artillery in the city for the first time, a sign of how close the   Syrian Democratic Forces have come. The SDF has positions to the north, west and east  —   their closest position is about 8 kilometers (5 miles) from Raqqa to the northeast. Coalition aircraft have taken out 18 bridges, including the main ones out of the city across the Euphrates, according to the coalition. Airstrikes have also focused on the former base of the Syrian military’s 17th Division, north of the city, now a major IS base. Most of its buildings have been destroyed, activists say. For days,    leaflets have fluttered from coalition planes to warn of impending strikes. More than 2 million have been dropped in two weeks, the coalition said. One urged those living in tents to move closer to the Euphrates, according to a resident and the US military in Baghdad. Another warned residents not to board the small boats that are the only way to cross the river, whether for daily errands or to flee Raqqa. “Daesh is using boats and ferries to transport weapons and fighters. Do not use ferries or boats, airstrikes are coming,” the flyer said, using an Arabic acronym for the group. Getting smuggled out is too expensive for most. Smugglers  —   most often IS fighters looking to make a profit  —   charge $300 to $500 (NIS 1, 086 to NIS 1, 810) a person and sometimes as high as $1, 000 (NIS 3, 619) to get out of the city, according to several activists and a Western aid worker familiar with the situation. The aid worker also declined to be identified for fear of jeopardizing his group’s work and safety. Once outside, they face the danger of the land mines. The aid worker said one man who staggered into a camp for the displaced had lost a child from a roadside bomb and was himself gravely injured. Those who make it to   areas risk being turned back unless they have someone vouch for them, according to Muhab Nasser, an activist from Raqqa province. He said some had been refused entry by SDF fighters, suspicious of IS infiltrators or sympathizers. The cost of being smuggled out of Syria entirely is a prohibitive $3, 000 to $4, 000 (NIS   NIS 14, 477) a person, according to Sarmad   a Sound and Picture activist in Turkey. Turkey also is cracking down on crossings. As a result, few from Raqqa are found in southern Turkey, where hundreds of thousands of Syrians have fled the civil war. The aid worker also said so far there is no refugee crisis from Raqqa  —   a chilling sign of how hard it is to leave. Fighters in Raqqa have started to move in with families to hide among civilians. Residents must dig trenches, stack sandbags and build earthen berms for the city’s defenses. Children have stopped going to school. “If you want ‘lessons,’ you go to the mosques,” said Hamad, a former resident of Raqqa province who keeps in regular contact with people in the city. He spoke from Beirut on condition he be identified only by his first name for fear of reprisals against relatives and friends there. Food is still in adequate supply, though prices rose after the destruction of the bridges. Medical care is almost nonexistent since most doctors fled long ago, according to Hamad and others. Hospitals are short on equipment. But underground clinics run by the Islamic State group for its fighters are   said Hussam Eesa, one of the founders of the activist group Raqqa is Being Slaughtered Silently, speaking from Turkey. Loudspeakers on mosques or on vehicles used by the religious police warn the populace that the battle is coming. “They tell people   …     it is a battle against Islam, all nations are attacking us and the Prophet says we should be united,” Eesa said. “They are putting psychological pressure on residents. ”"
"Speaker of the House Paul Ryan has won the support of President Donald Trump’s senior adviser Steve Bannon in his attempt to pass his border adjustment tax plan, according to a report from Bloomberg:[Trump’s top strategist once described Ryan as “the enemy,” but now the former Breitbart News chief is the speaker’s best chance to win approval for his   tax, which Republicans currently say has almost no hope of clearing the Senate. In a handful of White House meetings, Ryan found that Bannon was perhaps the most enthusiastic backer of the   plan, according to a senior administration official and a person familiar with the sessions. A vigorous endorsement from Donald Trump could help save the   plan, which is running into strong opposition from the energy industry and retailers. The retailers took the unusual step of launching an advertising campaign on the tax issue aimed at viewers of Fox News’ Fox and Friends and Saturday Night Live, TV programs Trump is known to watch. Ryan has also spoken positively of Bannon since the election, telling PBS Newshour on Feb 8, “We’re different kinds of conservatives, that we can safely say, I think. But we’re serving a purpose, which is to get this agenda passed, and on that agenda that we’ve rolled out, that we ran on, on that we agree. So I see a person that I have a common cause and purpose with. ” You can read the rest of the article here. "
"A woman in Ashland, Oregon, who allegedly assaulted a   activist by shoving a wet sanitary napkin into his mouth has been arrested. [Valerie Starushok, 21, approached the   activist on January 27, the day of the March for Life, in front of a Planned Parenthood facility and “struck him in the face with a wet sanitary napkin,” says an Ashland police report. Starushok also allegedly yelled profanities at the activist as the video shows:  Woman Arrested for Shoving Used Maxipad in   Parenthood Protester’s Mouth https:  .  pic. twitter.   —   Free Beacon (@FreeBeacon) February 11, 2017,  “Eat this [expletive] pad, you c**k face!” Starushok allegedly shouted at the activist. The   activist is heard in the video saying he would have to call police. The activist said the woman caught him   and “shoved her bloody maxi pad into [his] mouth. ” NBC affiliate KOBi5 reports Starushok turned herself in to police and was lodged in the Jackson County jail on one count of harassment."
"President Donald Trump appeared energized by the ongoing meetings with Chinese President Xi Jinping, hailing “tremendous progress” in the relationship between the two countries. [Trump did not detail specific agreements or topics of discussion, but used a number of superlatives to describe the “outstanding” relationship.  “I believe lots of very potentially bad problems will be going away,” he said, calling it a tremendous honor to host the Chinese president at his estate at   . Prior to the meeting, Trump signaled that it was time for China to get tough with the increasingly hostile North Korea. “If China is not going to solve North Korea, we will. That is all I am telling you,” Trump said in an interview with the Financial Times earlier in the week. Trump demonstrated he was willing to use military action to back up his rhetoric, ordering a cruise missile strike on Syria just before having dinner with the Chinese president last night. Trump’s very American dinner menu with Chinese President Xi at    pic. twitter.   —   Charlie Spiering (@charliespiering) April 7, 2017,  “I think,   we are going to have a very, very great relationship and I look very much forward to it,” Trump said during the dinner."
"President Donald Trump endorsed the House plan to replace Obamacare despite opposition signaled by key conservatives. [“We’re going to do something that’s great, and I am proud to support the replacement plan released by the House of Representatives,” Trump said at the White House on Tuesday after meeting with House Majority Whip Steve Scalise and the House Republican whipping team.  Representatives from the White House, including Vice President Mike Pence, spent Tuesday defending the bill, trying to sooth conservative dissent by describing it as a “work in progress. ” Pence signaled that the administration was open to improvements to the bill but told conservative dissenters that “this is the bill. ” “If you like your Obamacare, you can keep it,” he said after the meeting, “but the American people want change. ” Heath and Human Services Secretary Tom Price briefed reporters on the bill at the White House on Tuesday, signaling that there was room for some negotiation. “This is a work in progress, and we will work with the House and the Senate in this process,” he said. “Nothing focuses the mind like a bill that’s currently on the table. ” White House Budget Director Mick Mulvaney met with members of the House Freedom Caucus on Tuesday night to discuss the bill, but many members left the meeting still voicing criticism. “I don’t know that there is a bill at this point that has the necessary 218 votes to coalesce around, and so we got more work to do as the Freedom Caucus to come up with a solution,” Representative Mark Meadows, the chairman of the caucus told reporters. Conservative groups Heritage Action, FreedomWorks, Club for Growth, and Americans for Prosperity also opposed the bill, urging conservative members of Congress to vote against the bill. Price signaled that he was willing to work with those groups but reaffirmed that the House bill was very much in line with the administration’s priorities. “We look forward to working with them and others to make certain that, again, we come up with that process that aligns with the principles that we’ve defined, that they actually adhere to or agree with, as well,” he said. House Speaker Paul Ryan held a press conference on Tuesday evening to tamp down some of the dissent. He said conservatives should be “excited” by the bill, arguing that it repealed Obamacare taxes, Obamacare spending, Obamacare mandates, and Obamacare subsidies. He also said that the bill ended funding for Planned Parenthood. Ryan was optimistic that the House bill would get enough support to succeed in the House despite many House conservatives’ vows to vote against it. “This is the beginning of the legislative process. We’ve got a few weeks. We’ll have 218 when this thing comes to the floor. I can guarantee you that,” Ryan said. Conservatives like Sen. Rand Paul spent most of Tuesday calling the bill “Obamacare Lite,” arguing that it would not pass in Congress. Paul called for Congress to pass a full repeal bill supported by Republicans in 2015. He claimed that there was still enough support to move it forward. “Conservatives have a replacement plan. House leadership has a replacement plan,” Paul said. “Vote on all the replacement plans, and let’s see what happens. ” But Trump dismissed Paul, assuring that the Kentucky senator would eventually back the House Republican plan. “I feel sure that my friend Rand Paul will come along with the new and great health care program because he knows Obamacare is a disaster!” Trump wrote on Twitter Tuesday night. Conservative Sen. Mike Lee also signaled his disgust with the bill. “This is not the Obamacare repeal bill we’ve been waiting for. It is a missed opportunity and a step in the wrong direction,” he said in a statement to reporters. Sen. Ted Cruz has not weighed in on the bill, citing the need to study it first. “I am still studying the details of the bill,” he told reporters on Tuesday. Cruz and his wife, Heidi, are scheduled to meet with Trump for dinner at the White House on Wednesday."
".@MartinHeinrich says Sessions ”obstructing” congressional investigation by declining to answer questions: ”Your silence. ..speaks volumes.” pic. twitter.  Tuesday at the Senate Intelligence Committee hearing featuring testimony from Attorney General Jeff Sessions, Sen. Martin Heinrich ( ) accused Sessions of “impeding this investigation” with his refusal to answer questions about his discussions with President Donald Trump.  Heinrich said, “My understanding is that you took an oath, raised your right hand here today and said you’d solemnly swear to tell the truth, the whole truth, and nothing but the truth. Now you’re not answering questions. You’re impeding this investigation. So my understanding of the legal standard is that you either answer the question  —   that’s the best outcome  —   you say this is classified can’t answer it here, answer in closed session that’s bucket number two. ” “Bucket number three is to say I’m invoking executive privilege,” he continued. “There’s no appropriateness bucket. It’s not a legal standard. Can you tell me what are the   DOJ rules that protect conversations made in the executive without invoking executive privilege?” Follow Pam Key on Twitter @pamkeyNEN"
"The Congressional Budget Office report states that 14 million people will lose insurance in 2018 under the Ryan plan, while 24 million would lose insurance by 2026. [The Congressional Budget Office, or CBO, reported that in 2018, 14 million more people would be uninsured than compared to Obamacare. The CBO report stated that the effects revolve around repeal of the penalties surrounding the individual mandate. The report states, “Some of those people would choose not to have insurance because they chose to be covered by insurance under current law only to avoid paying the penalties, and some people would forgo insurance in response to higher premiums. ”  The CBO also reports that due to the Ryan plan’s Medicaid reforms, 24 million people would be uninsured by 2026. The Congressional Budget Office reported that the legislation would reduce federal deficits by $337 billion between 2017 and 2026. Premiums under the Ryan plan would rise 15 to 20 percent higher in   and then reduce ten percent by 2026. Read the rest of the CBO report here:"
"California Governor Jerry Brown warned Thursday that the Republican members of the state’s congressional delegation would have to perform “penance” for having voted for the American Health Care Act in the U. S. House. [Last week’s vote on the bill was the first step towards repealing (most of) Obamacare and replacing it with a more   health insurance system that would, supporter say, lower premiums and create better competition.  Every one of California’s 14 Republicans voted for the bill, which now proceeds to the Senate. (Both of Califorina’s U. S. Senators are Democrats.) Governor Brown and the rest of California’s statewide leadership, all of whom are Democrats, oppose the repeal of Obamacare partly because the state has used the law to obtain federal funds, which in turn were used to expand   the state’s Medicaid program, to millions of   households. “The state would lose $20 billion in federal funding if Congress votes to undo the exchanges and the Medicaid expansions, according to state data,” according to a Los Angeles Times report in November. Obamacare has not been a success in California, but it has generally been less unsuccessful in the Golden State than elsewhere, partly because the Obama administration saw California’s program as a flagship, and the program enjoys voters’ support. Brown, who once considered a career in the Catholic priesthood, warned Republicans, according to the Times: “They weren’t sent to Congress just to take orders from that crowd, or from Donald Trump   …     I think they made a mistake, and they’re going to have to do penance for it. ” The context for Brown’s remarks was the release of his new spending plan, which set a record, proposing a record $183. 4 in spending, despite some caution. Joel B. Pollak is Senior    at Breitbart News. He was named one of the “most influential” people in news media in 2016. He is the   of How Trump Won: The Inside Story of a Revolution, is available from Regnery. Follow him on Twitter at @joelpollak."
"Federal Communications Commission Chairman (FCC) Ajit Pai announced his plan Wednesday to reverse the “Net Neutrality” rules adopted under President Barack Obama. And Democrats, and Silicon Valley activists, are already preparing to fight the change. [Sen. Brian Schatz ( ) the ranking Democrat on the Senate Commerce Subcommittee on Communications Technology, Innovation, and the Internet, told TechCrunch that those “who want the internet free and open are outraged that they’re undoing these basic protections. ”  But critics would say the Internet was free and open before Net Neutrality, which is described as a solution in search of a problem that does not exist. The policy prevents Internet Service Providers (ISPs) from charging users different rates based on the amount of bandwidth they use. The idea was to prevent ISPs from blocking poor,   consumers to service rich,   ones  —   a problem that almost never arose. Initially, former FCC Chairman Tom Wheeler seemed unreceptive to the idea. But then, in 2015, he forced through the new rules on a   vote. To the surprise  —   and shock  —   of many Net Neutrality proponents, the FCC decided to regulate the Internet under the provisions of Title II of the Communications Act of 1934, treating it like any other public utility. Moreover, early reports suggested that Net Neutrality had hurt investment in broadband infrastructure, because companies could no longer expect a return on their investment. That, ironically, meant less Internet access. Schatz said that consumers could not trust ISPs to be fair. “The market will not fix this if you have monopolies and duopolies in terms of people’s practical access to providers. They’ll promise not to, but I’d say all the same why don’t we just enshrine it in a rule?” In his opposition to Pai’s repeal effort, Schatz is likely to be supported by activists in Silicon Valley, where the Net Neutrality cause is very popular  —   more for its socialism than for any technological or economic benefit. (Indeed, the CEO of Tumblr famously struggled to explain on CNBC in 2015 what Net Neutrality was and why he supported it.) 800 startups signed a letter to Pai on Wednesday opposing his policy, arguing that they would not survive if big companies were allowed to block them from access to the Internet."
"This being that time of year when we are supposed to remember and be grateful, it is highly appropriate that we in the damned media  —   we, the enemy of the public we, the   wretches we, the writers of history’s first draft  —   should pause a moment and give thanks for President Donald J. Trump, politician extraordinaire. [This is a man who is truly larger than life in a Shakespearean kind of way. He is an entertainer always fearlessly on the ledge of a  . He is a master promoter, a media maestro and  —   standing all alone as a party of one  —   the most successful single politician we have seen in 50 years.  Perhaps ever in America. Although, if the great chronicler of all things important, A. J. Liebling, were still alive, he would tell you that Louisiana Gov. Earl Long might have given Mr. Trump a run for his money in the audacity and showmanship departments. Regardless, if Liebling were alive today, he would be following Mr. Trump from rally to rally and summit to summit like some kind of traveling roadie recording every delicious morsel of the great man’s political works. He would never miss an utterance, especially the tweets. But he never flinches. Mr. Trump is flawed. But he knows he still has so much to offer that he doesn’t just pack up his carnival tent and go home. He just sells it harder. In today’s hopelessly detached and sheltered media, Mr. Trump and his antics are pearls before swine. It tells you something that the   show on television today is MSNBC’s insufferable Rachel Maddow. Ms. Maddow is one of those people terrified of having anyone on her show smarter than her. That’s fine. The real problem is that she is just so tedious and scolding and professorial. In addition, Ms. Maddow is incapable of humor. All fun dies on her desk. Mr. Trump’s latest triumphant tour of the Middle East and Old Europe was covered by Ms. Maddow and the tedious media as the Trip of Seven Scandals. And the scandals were petty and silly. French whatever Emmanuel Macron was hailed for supposedly humiliating Mr. Trump by shaking his hand really hard. (I am not making this up.) I guess for a guy robbed from his cradle, this is big boy kind of stuff. Then there was the    —   and lack thereof  —   between Mr. Trump and the first lady. It was not fake news that Melania Trump really did appear to pull her hand away and even smack Mr. Trump’s when he tried holding her hand. A) This is NOT a scandal. Happens all the time. B) Our first lady is one tough cookie. But, oh my goodness, to hear the Ms. Maddows of the world go on and on about this nonsense. They truly take all the fun out of everything. Perhaps the best scandal of the entire trip came when Mr. Trump wiggled like a bull salmon swimming upstream to get to the front of the crowd of world leaders so as to make himself front and center. The media freaked out. First of all, the guy is a New Yorker. Have you ever tried to get on a train in New York City? Have you ever seen Sen. Chuck Schumer slice through a crowd to get to a microphone? They’re New Yorkers, and it is how they are. Secondly, Mr. Trump is president of the United States of America, by God. He damned well better be on the front row, dead center, no matter how many leaders of little pipsqueak countries he has to shove aside to get there. With that, Mr. Trump once again proved that he is worthy to be commander in chief of the greatest country on earth. • Charles Hurt can be reached at churt@washingtontimes. com follow him on Twitter via @charleshurt"
"The U. S. mining industry is starting to see a resurgence. [According to data from the U. S. Census Bureau published last week, the mining industry made a profit for the first time in two years in the first quarter of 2017.  U. S. mining corporations with $50 million or more in assets reported $1. 957 billion in combined profits after taxes from January to March 2017, according to a collection of quarterly financial reports about the mining industry from the Census Bureau. The Census Bureau has been posting these quarterly reports about the mining industry in the U. S. including data about profits and losses after taxes, since the fourth quarter of 2000. In the first quarter of 2016, U. S. mining corporations with $50 million or more in assets cited a collective $27. 075 billion in losses. The U. S. mining industry had not reported profits since the third quarter of 2014 when it cited profits of  $10. 258 billion. The most profitable quarter for the U. S. mining industry in the 16 years the U. S. Census tracked profits and losses for the mining industry was in the third quarter of 2008, when it cited $31. 376 billion in profits. There is more evidence of a resurgence in the mining industry than just the numbers. President Trump spoke about the opening of a new coal mine in the Pittsburgh area that expects to employ around 100 workers as an example of the industry’s comeback."
"Representative John Culberson ( ) joined the fight to lift the U. K. travel ban on Michael Savage last week following a petition marking the eighth year of the ban, which the British government has never publicly justified. [According to WorldNetDaily, Rep. Culberson emailed Savage last week following the announcement of a public petition asking the English government to drop the travel ban. “It’s outrageous that you’re still banned from Britain,” Culberson wrote in his email. “The quickest way to fix it would be to ask the British PM to lift the ban. Let’s get the president to intervene for you. ”  Representative Culberson left little room for misinterpretation of his opinion by adding, “Michael, this is really absurd, England should be embarrassed. ” After sending the email, Rep. Culberson also joined Michael Savage on his daily radio show, the Savage Nation. He told Savage he would raise the issue with both President Trump and with Vice President Mike Pence, whom he knows personally. Culberson also explained the specific steps the American government should take, saying, “The American ambassador needs to go to the prime minister of England and ask that this absurd travel ban be lifted. ” This isn’t the first time that Representative Culberson has championed Savage’s return to the United Kingdom. In 2011, he joined Representative Allen West ( ) in writing letters to Hillary Clinton urging State Department intervention on Savage’s behalf. In that letter, Culberson asked Clinton to forcefully request that the U. K. government immediately issue a travel visa to Savage. West’s letter made a similar case to the recent petition. He wrote to Clinton:"
"Senator Mike Lee ( ) released a statement opposing House Speaker Paul Ryan’s American Health Care Act, or what is now being referred to by most conservatives and Republicans   as “ . ”[Lee said in a statement:  This is not the Obamacare repeal bill we’ve been waiting for. It is a missed opportunity and a step in the wrong direction. We promised the American people we would drain the swamp and end business as usual in Washington. This bill does not do that. We don’t know how many people would use this new tax credit, we don’t know how much it will cost, and we don’t know if this bill will make health care more affordable for Americans. This is exactly the type of   dealing and rushed process that we criticized Democrats for, and it is not what we promised the American people. Let’s fulfill our Obamacare repeal promise immediately and then take our time and do reform right. Let’s pass the 2015 repeal bill that Republicans in both houses of Congress voted for and sent to the White House just 15 months ago. Once Obamacare has been properly sent to the dustbin of history then we can begin a deliberative, open, and honest process to reform our nation’s health care system. With Lee and Sen. Rand Paul ( ) both publicly against it, and Sen. Ted Cruz ( ) saying previously that he would oppose legislation that does not fully repeal and replace Obamacare, the bill is already in serious trouble and would be unlikely to pass the U. S. Senate without Democratic support. No Democrats are expected to support the legislation, and with only 52 Republicans in the Senate, the bill could be a complete  . Sen. Roy Blunt ( ) a member of Senate GOP leadership, has already said he fears the bill may not have enough Republican support to pass Congress."
"President Trump held a meeting with conservative leaders on February 1 in which he called on NRA Senior Vice President Wayne LaPierre to guide the leaders in a way that secures confirmation of Supreme Court nominee Neil Gorsuch. [Trump’s meeting with LaPierre and leaders from some of the “most influential conservative groups in the nation” came one day after he nominated Gorsuch to fill the seat left vacant by the death of Antonin Scalia.  NRATV’s Grant Stinchfield covered the meeting, wherein Trump thanked the NRA for supporting him during the election, then designated LaPierre to guide both the NRA and the various conservative groups toward confirmation. Video of the event shows LaPierre seated beside Trump as Trump opens the meeting by looking at the NRA senior vice president and saying, “Wayne, I would say they know you. Perhaps they know you better than they know me. ” LaPierre demurred, “I doubt that,” then introduced himself and the NRA: #NRA’s Wayne LaPierre sits next to @POTUS at the White House to plan for Neil Gorsuch’s confirmation as the next  #2A #SCOTUS Justice. pic. twitter.   —   NRATV (@nranews) February 1, 2017,  Stinchfield reminded viewers that Trump campaigned on a promise to “appoint a   Supreme Court justice   …     that would protect gun rights for years to come. ” He pointed out that Trump “held true to his promise” via the Gorsuch nomination. After asking LaPierre to lead the efforts to secure Gorsuch’s confirmation, Trump said Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell ( ) should “go nuclear” to defeat a Democrat filibuster, if need be. Former Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid ( ) set the precedent of the “nuclear” option by eliminating the filibuster for judicial nominees in 2013. On November 21, 2013, USA Today reported that Senate Democrats voted to “[reduce] the threshold from 60 votes to 51 votes for Senate approval of executive and judicial nominees against unanimous GOP opposition. ” Trump is asking McConnell to take this same action if the Democrats try to block Gorsuch’s confirmation. AWR Hawkins is the Second Amendment columnist for Breitbart News and host of Bullets with AWR Hawkins, a Breitbart News podcast. He is also the political analyst for Armed American Radio. Follow him on Twitter: @AWRHawkins. Reach him directly at awrhawkins@breitbart. com."
"The Uzbekistan government has officially turned 34 video game titles into digital contraband within its borders. [The list of banned games includes everything from international blockbusters from the Call of Duty and Grand Theft Auto franchises, to   garbage like Destructive Creations’ Hatred. Some   pornographic titles like Bone Town are there, but so are The Sims 3 and 4, humorous simulators famous for their   depictions of modern life.  Both import and distribution of these titles has been outlawed, in an effort to ensure the do not “propagate violence, pornography, threaten security and social and political stability,” as well as disrupt “civil peace and   and   harmony. ” According to the ban, these “destructive” games threaten a “distribution of false information about Uzbekistan and the distortion of its historic, cultural and spiritual values. ” Reactions have been many and varied. Some merely state the obvious: in a country that needs to “cultivate patriotism” in their youth, “the ban will only make things worse. ” Or, more pointedly, that this is a waste of time and resources when considered against the very real challenges facing the   country. A few, however, agree. One Facebook user adamantly supported an effort to keep Uzbekistan’s people from “filling [their] minds with violence. ” Another, more bluntly: “it is high time! Those who do not like it can go to those countries where all this   …     is normal!” Follow Nate Church @Get2Church on Twitter for the latest news in gaming and technology, and snarky opinions on both."
"As voters, Californians rejected Donald Trump. As consumers, they love him. [The Conference Board, which measures consumer confidence, reports that consumers in the Golden State are more confident that they have been since 2007, before the Great Recession.  The Orange County Register notes: The Conference Board’s consumer confidence index for California rose in December to its highest level since October 2007. This was the first month the continuous polling that tracks shoppers optimism in eight big states and across the nation had fully reflected Trump’s upset win in the November presidential election. Exit polling showed the economy’s future was a major   topic for presidential voters across the nation. In California, where presidential votes went heavily in favor of Trump’s opponent, Hillary Clinton, confidence fell for two months in advance of the election, pushing the state’s optimism to a   low in October. The index then rose in November and December in the largest   surge in nearly two years. The Conference Board also reported a surge in consumer confidence nationwide: The Conference Board Consumer Confidence Index® which had increased considerably in November, posted another gain in December. The Index now stands at 113. 7 (1985=100) up from 109. 4 in November.   …     “Consumer Confidence improved further in December, due solely to increasing Expectations which hit a   high (Dec. 2003, 107. 4),” said Lynn Franco, Director of Economic Indicators at The Conference Board. “The   surge in optimism for the economy, jobs and income prospects, as well as for stock prices which reached a   high, was most pronounced among older consumers. Consumers’ assessment of current conditions, which declined, still suggests that economic growth continued through the final months of 2016. Looking ahead to 2017, consumers’ continued optimism will depend on whether or not their expectations are realized. ” It is unclear how much of the surge is directly due to Trump’s victory, as consumer confidence decreased in some states where Trump won, such as Pennsylvania and Michigan, though confidence levels in both states were still at historically high levels, the Register reports. In addition, there may be independent reasons for Californians to feel confident. Rains, for example, may have encouraged Californians to believe the state’s   drought is ending. Still, the state seems to be experiencing a “Trump bump,” along with the rest of the nation, as consumers anticipate an end to the onslaught of federal regulation and a more favorable climate for entrepreneurship, economic growth and job creation. Joel B. Pollak is Senior    at Breitbart News. He was named one of the “most influential” people in news media in 2016. His new book, See No Evil: 19 Hard Truths the Left Can’t Handle, is available from Regnery through Amazon. Follow him on Twitter at @joelpollak."
"Former President Obama’s political team repeatedly attacked House Republican Whip Steve Scalise as proof that the Republican party was racist, making him a target for leftist hate during their time in office. [“You’ll recall that one Republican congressman told a reporter that he was ‘David Duke without the baggage,’” former White House press secretary Josh Earnest told reporters in September 2015, using Scalise to attack Donald Trump. “Mr. Trump isn’t the first Republican politician to countenance these kinds of views in order to win votes. ”  Scalise reportedly made the comment about Duke nearly 20 years ago, which a reporter remembered and published in January 2015. In 2002, Scalise gave a speech the   Unity and Rights Organization (EURO)  —   a group tied to Duke, a former KKK leader. Scalise apologized for the decision, calling it “a  mistake I regret,” after it became public in 2014. But the White House used Scalise as a punching bag, frequently reminding reporters that Republicans blocked both immigration reform and the reauthorization of the Voting Rights Act, and supported allowing the Confederate flag to be placed in military cemeteries, suggesting they were racist. “Those are the priorities of today’s Republican Party, and they’ll continue to be until someone in the Republican Party decides to summon the courage to stand up and change it,” Earnest said.  The White House was still using the talking point in August 2016 ahead of the presidential election. “I think what is clear is that there has been a willingness on the part of Republicans in Congress to appeal to extremists in this country to try to build political support for their party,” Earnest said in August 2016, again citing the David Duke attack against Scalise. “They’ve threatened to hold up government funding to make sure that the Confederate flag can be shown in government cemeteries,” Deputy Press Secretary Eric Schultz said, repeating the “David Duke” comment in September 2016. In response to questions about Trump, Earnest employed the Scalise attack in June 2016. “I’m not surprised that there are many Republicans, in Congress at least, who have chosen to overlook these controversial comments and continue to support the presumptive Republican nominee,” Earnest said, citing the “David Duke” comment yet again. The attacks led leftists to repeatedly suggest that Scalise was aligned with the beliefs of the KKK, a topic that was featured in political cartoons. On Facebook, the Congressional baseball practice shooter, James T. Hodgkinson, “liked” a political cartoon that featured Scalise as a member of the KKK.   cartoon “liked” by James T. Hodgkinson on Facebook https:  .  pic. twitter.   —   Charlie Spiering (@charliespiering) June 14, 2017, "
"Texas Attorney General Ken Paxton has joined the challenge in a lawsuit that is fighting against what Paxton calls “unconstitutional racial and   quotas. ”[The lawsuit filed in the U. S. District Court for the Western District of Texas challenges on constitutional grounds, racial and   quotas for State Bar of Texas board membership.  The plaintiff, Greg Gegenheimer, filed the federal lawsuit on December 5 against the State Bar of Texas board of director members in their official capacities complaining “that the State Bar of Texas is violating the Equal Protection Clause by maintaining a     quota scheme on its Board of Directors. ” Austin lawyer Gegenheimer, a white male, is seeking both “declaratory and injunctive relief against this unconstitutional discrimination. ” Gegenheimer says he is a lawyer in good standing with the State Bar of Texas who has never served as a minority director or elected director of the Board of Directors at the State Bar of Texas. Lana Shadwick is a writer and legal analyst for Breitbart Texas. She has served as a prosecutor and associate judge in Texas. Follow her on Twitter @LanaShadwick2. Texas AG Amicus Brief State Bar of Texas by lanashadwick on Scribd, "
"Oliver Darcy reports in Business Insider that Dr. Sebastian Gorka, Breitbart Senior National Security Editor and author of the bestselling book Defeating Jihad: The Winnable War, is joining the Trump White House.  From Business Insider: Sebastian Gorka, the Breitbart national security editor and a Fox News contributor, is expected to join President Donald Trump’s White House, a source familiar with the matter told Business Insider. The source said that the position is likely in the National Security Council. A Fox News spokesperson said the network terminated Gorka’s contributor agreement when he informed executives of his new position. Read the rest here. "
"Counter Terrorism Police have been alerted after three women, alleged shouting “Allah will get you” and quoting the Quran, stabbed a nursery school worker in North London. [The victim was waiting at a junction in Wanstead at around 9. 30am when she was attacked from behind by the trio, pulled to the ground, and attacked with a blade. The women’s injuries are not said to be   but the school is on “lockdown”.  The BBC described the attackers as “three Asian women dressed in black” but declined to mention the reports of “Allah” chants, and insisted it was not being treated as a terrorist incident at this time. Karrien Stevens, the manager of Little Diamonds Nursery, said the worker was treated by paramedics and later taken to a hospital. She told the East London and West Essex Guardian: “She got to the Hermon Hill traffic lights when she was attacked from behind by three girls who pulled her to the ground. “They started kicking and punching her and then took out a knife and slashed her arm. Apparently, they were shouting parts of the Quran saying things like ‘Allah will get you. ” Woman in 30s taken to hospital after knife attack in street in #Wanstead this morning. Police not treating as  . pic. twitter.   —   Heart London News (@HeartLondonNews) June 7, 2017,  Speaking to the Ilford Recorder, Ms. Stevens added: “It’s scary that something like this can happen right in front of your doorstep. What is going on at the moment out there? It’s ridiculous. I don’t know what these people were hoping to achieve. ” The Met have confirmed Counter Terrorism Command are aware of the incident but said they are not leading the investigation. No arrest have been made. A Metropolitan Police spokesman said: “We were called at 9. 36am to reports of a stabbing in Hermon Hill. “Officers responding to the scene discovered a woman in her 30s who had suffered slash wounds. Her injuries are not   but she has been taken to hospital as a precaution. “The three suspects fled the scene before police officers arrived and they are still not accounted for. ” A spokesman for the London Ambulance service said: “We were called at 9:43 am to reports of an incident on Hermon Hill. “We sent an ambulance crew to the scene, arriving in under six minutes. We treated a woman and the scene and took her to a hospital in east London. ”"
"Politifact called President Trump’s deficit reduction efforts “mostly false”  —   while admitting that the statistics he used to make the point were factual. [President Trump tweeted out this on February 25, saying that the national debt went down by $12 billion, compared to a $200 billion increase in Obama’s first month.  The media has not reported that the National Debt in my first month went down by $12 billion vs a $200 billion increase in Obama first mo.  —   Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) February 25, 2017,  PolitiFact’s Aaron Sharockman rated this statement “mostly false,” even though he says the numbers check out. Sharockman notes that the total public debt dropped another $22 billion even after Trump sent his tweet. He reasons that debt projections can fluctuate therefore, temporary reductions in national debt lack the importance to merit the kind of coverage Trump demanded. Dan Mitchell, a scholar at the Cato Institute, told PolitiFact, “Considering that Trump has not enacted any fiscal legislation, it is a bit of a stretch for him to take credit for any changes in debt levels. ” He added, “Debt levels go up and down in the short run based on independent factors such as quarterly tax payments and predetermined expenditure patterns. ” PolitiFact has been busted before for its bias. They once rated a joke by Senator Ted Cruz “mostly false” and, in a rating similar to this debt article, called a Trump debate claim “half true” despite admitting that it was factual. Social media giant Facebook has teamed up with PolitiFact, a project of the   Tampa Bay Times, to label stories in users’ timelines as “fake news. ” PolitiFact, by signing Poynter’s “Fact Checking Code of Principles” declares its work “nonpartisan and transparent. ”"
"A leaked official document from the El Paso Sector Intelligence and Operations Center reveals that the injured   Border Patrol agent who was discovered on the side of a roadway on June 9, 2017, is believed to have been kidnapped prior to sustaining severe injuries to his “head, chest, and hands. ” Breitbart Texas exclusively obtained the document from a trusted source operating under the umbrella of Customs and Border Protection (CBP). [Due to sensitive information present in the document, Breitbart Texas will not identify the type of document nor most of the information contained within the document at this time. The document does specifically identify that a Border Patrol agent was kidnapped and assaulted. The document also asserts that the FBI in El Paso, Texas, is leading the investigation. The document also warns law enforcement agents. It asserts, “Agents are advised to remain vigilant and maintain a heightened level of awareness. ”  A statement received on the matter from CBP stated: “U. S. Customs and Border Protection is assisting in the investigation of a report of an assault against an   Border Patrol agent assigned to the Deming, New Mexico, Border Patrol Station. The agent was discovered on the side of the road by a motorist at 11 p. m. MDT. The agent suffered multiple, serious injuries to his head, chest and hands. Emergency Medical Services transported the agent to a nearby hospital where he is being treated for his wounds. The agent is in stable condition. CBP is working closely with the FBI, Dona Ana County Sheriff’s Office, and the El Paso Police Department on the ongoing investigation. CBP has informed its workforce of this report and has reminded its law enforcement personnel to be alert and aware of their surroundings and potential threats related to their service. ” The CBP statement avoided any mention of kidnapping, as withholding   information from the public is customary for CBP. Breitbart Texas broke the story that the Border Patrol agent had been found on the side of a roadway with severe injuries. Brandon Darby is managing director and    of Breitbart Texas. He   the Cartel Chronicles project with Ildefonso Ortiz and Stephen K. Bannon. Follow him on Twitter and Facebook. He can be contacted at bdarby@breitbart. com.  "
"Over 20 immigrant workers are claiming a case of wrongful termination from a Michigan car factory after they skipped work to participate in the   “Day Without Immigrants” rally in February, the Detroit Free Press reports. [The former employees of EZ Industrial Solutions, an auto parts manufacturer based in Detroit, have taken their case to the National Labor Relations Board (NLRB) on grounds that they were wrongfully fired for participating in a political protest.  The complaint claims that the employees, who were nearly all women from Mexico and Central America, were “coercively questioned” by their employer about their plans to participate, and were originally warned they would only be suspended for one week. However, the company denies the allegations, saying that their decision was within the confines of the law. In a statement to the Detroit Free Press, EZ Industrial Solutions operations manager Jordan Yoder said: The law is quite clear that employees can’t just not show up to work when they’re expected, and also that they are not free to participate in political,   related protests during their work day without consequences. We therefore deny any wrongdoing and are confident that the charge will be dismissed. Meanwhile, the workers’ lawyer, Tony Paris, who filed the complaint on their behalf, contended that the firing goes against normal company practices. “Workers wouldn’t be punished for not calling in because they don’t have to do that anyway,” Paris told the Free Press, adding that the employer had a relaxed work schedule whereby employees could drop in and out as they pleased. He also claimed the workers might have been targeted because of their ethnicity, given the company had a majority white senior management team compared with a largely immigrant workforce. The rally attended by the employees took place in Grand Rapids, Michigan, as participants celebrated the contribution of illegal immigrants and protested the immigration policies of the Trump administration. The NLRB is currently reviewing the complaint, and it will now be sent to its D. C. office for further review. You can follow Ben Kew on Facebook, on Twitter at @ben_kew, or email him at bkew@breitbart. com"
"The wife of Orlando jihadist Omar Mateen, Noor Salman, may spend life in prison on charges of aiding and abetting her husband’s support for the Islamic State ( ) while misleading the FBI, according to a federal indictment unsealed Tuesday. [A federal prosecutor has indicated that Salman knew her husband was planning to carry out a terrorist attack before he executed 49 people and injured 53 others on June 12 at the Pulse nightclub in Orlando, FL.  The terrorist’s wife has been indicted on two counts: aiding and abetting Mateen’s support of the jihadist group ISIS and obstruction of justice. Salman “did knowingly aid and abet” Mateen’s attempts to provide support to ISIS and “did knowingly engage in misleading conduct” towards law enforcement “with the intent to hinder, delay, and prevent” them from communicating information related to the attack, reveals the unsealed   indictment. The indictment suggested she was far from clueless about Mateen’s intentions as she had initially claimed. “I was unaware of everything,” Salman told The New York Times late last year. “I don’t condone what he has done. I am very sorry for what has happened. He has hurt a lot of people. On Monday, law enforcement arrested    Salman at her home in Rode, CA. Mateen died in a shootout with authorities on the day of the attack. On Tuesday, Salman made her first court appearance before a federal judge in Oakland. Her case has been continued until Wednesday. Salman “had no foreknowledge nor could she predict what Omar Mateen intended to do that tragic night,” claimed Linda Moreno, her attorney. The defendant’s uncle also alleged Salman had no knowledge of her husband’s plan. “She’s very soft, sweet girl,” her uncle said, according to NBC News. “He’s an abuser and controlling person. ” “I know she’s innocent  —   100 percent,” added Al Salman, identified as a family member of the defendant, while speaking to reporters outside the courthouse Tuesday. “She’s innocent, simple person. She will not hurt a fly. ” During the deadly incident, Salman and her husband communicated with one another via text, investigators have revealed, Fox News notes. Mateen asked, “Do you see what’s happening?” She reportedly replied, “No?” “I love you, babe,” then texted her husband. During the carnage, the Orlando jihadist pledged loyalty to ISIS in a 911 call."
"Representatives Jeff Duncan (  ) and John Carter (  ) introduced legislation on January 9 that will eliminate the paper trail and federal tax on firearm suppressors. [Suppressors are currently regulated under the National Firearms Act (1934) and thereby require   purchasers to go through the burdensome process of being photographed and fingerprinted.  The regulations also require the   purchaser to undergo a background check, register the device with the federal government, and pay the federal government a $200 tax. The process takes approximately six months —  and all of this for a device that is not even a firearm. In fact, during an interview on the December 5, 2016, episode of Bullets with AWR Hawkins, the discussion with former Congressman Matt Salmon (  ) revolved around the way laws are so jumbled that it is actually easier to get a gun than it is to get a silencer to put on the gun. So Duncan and Carter have put forward legislation to change the onerous purchasing process for suppressors. Their legislation would move suppressors outside of the NFA’s purview, “replacing the federal transfer process with a National Instant Criminal Background Check. ” This would streamline the process of purchasing a suppressor, making it more convenient for gun owners and hunters in the 42 states where the use of suppressors is legal. The  ’s Chris Cox said, “Gun owners and sportsmen should be able to practice their sport with the tools necessary to do so safely. This bill makes it easier for them to do that. ” AWR Hawkins is the Second Amendment columnist for Breitbart News and host of Bullets with AWR Hawkins, a Breitbart News podcast. He is also the political analyst for Armed American Radio. Follow him on Twitter: @AWRHawkins. Reach him directly at awrhawkins@breitbart. com."
"DNI Coats: ”I have never felt pressure to intervene or interfere in any way” with ongoing investigation. https:  .  pic. twitter.  Wednesday at the Senate Intelligence Committee’s hearing Director of National Intelligence Dan Coats said he had never “felt pressure to intervene or interfere in any way ” with an ongoing investigation.  Coats said, “First of all, I’m always  —   I  —   I told you, and I committed to the committee that I would be available to testify before the committee. I don’t think this is the appropriate venue to do this in, given that this is an open hearing, and a lot of confidential information relative to intelligence or other matters  —   I just don’t feel it’s appropriate for me to do that in this situation. ” “And then, secondly, when I was asked yesterday to respond to a piece that I was told was going to be written and printed in The Washington Post this morning, my response to that was, in my time of service  —   which is in interacting with the president of the United States or anybody in his administration, I have never been pressured,” he continued. “I’ve never felt pressure to intervene or interfere in any way and shape  —   with shaping intelligence in a political way, or in relationship. ” Follow Pam Key on Twitter @pamkeyNEN"
"  protesters at UC Berkeley severely beat MILO show attendees with flag poles and their fists on Wednesday night, as protester violence continued to increase. [They are surrounding people and beating them with Antifa flags and poles. pic. twitter.   —   Just Call Me Mister (@MisterMetokur) February 2, 2017,   In the video that surfaced online, MILO show attendees can be seen being beaten with flag poles and fists by Antifa protesters who shouted “f*ck you racists. ” Others were reportedly attacked with pepper spray. Young girl doing nothing, has head smashed with a pole then she’s tear gassed by #antifa hello @ucdp_cal @UCBerkeley #UCBerkeley #MiloAtCal pic. twitter.   —   Patriotic Rosie (@almostjingo) February 2, 2017,  Several people have been severely injured after Breitbart Senior Editor MILO and his team were forced to evacuate the premises. The show was cancelled after masked protesters started fires and swarmed the building where MILO’s show was due to take place. I don’t know if this is an effective strategy if to burn them you have to buy them first. pic. twitter.   —   Just Call Me Mister (@MisterMetokur) February 2, 2017, "
"Thursday on Fox News Channel’s special coverage of former FBI Director James Comey’s testimony, “Fox News Sunday” host Chris Wallace said while Comey’s testimony was good news legally for President Donald Trump, “politically” he thought it was “very damaging. ”  Wallace said “If I were Donald Trump’s lawyer I’d be pretty happy, because he repeatedly said up to the day he was fired, Comey said that there was no evidence that led to an investigation of Donald Trump  He was not under investigation and on the question of obstruction of justice, while he said that was an open question, that will have to be decided by the special counsel Robert Muller. He certainly didn’t indicate that he viewed it as obstruction of justice or at least a prosecutable case. He said he had no doubt that Trump was directing him to end the investigation, but as I say, as a lawyer, I would take some solace in both of those. My guess is when Marc Kasowitz, the president’s lawyer comes out sometime between 1:30 and 2:00 today, he’s going to declare victory and say Comey cleared Trump. And in a legal sense, you could say that he did. He continued, “Politically, I thought it was very damaging to the president. As has been pointed out by Shannon repeatedly, James Comey called the president a liar, said that he lied about the FBI was in disarray, that he defamed him and the FBI, said that the reason he kept those kinds of notes in the first place is that he thought that this was the kind of man who would lie about those kinds of things. It’s not good stuff to have said on national television. And as been noted before, I think the strongest point about Flynn and why it what was so improper what the president said about Flynn in that Oval Office meeting on February 14, as you said, why on earth would you kick out the attorney general, the vice president, and the chief of staff if it was going to be something innocent? That was a very strong evidence. ” (  Grabien)"
"It remains uncertain where the 10 unidentified prisoners, who have been allegedly pardoned and “temporarily” transferred to Oman from the U. S. military prison in Guantánamo Bay, Cuba, will go afterwards. [According to the Times of Oman, a statement carried by the   Oman News Agency (ONA) on Monday, notes:  An official source at the Ministry of Foreign Affairs said by following Royal Directive issued by His Majesty the Sultan to meet the American Government’s request to settle the cases of prisoners in Guantanamo Bay, considering their humanitarian conditions, 10 people who have been pardoned arrived to the Sultanate for a temporary stay. The statement emphasized that the 10 captives liberated from the Guantánamo prison, also known as Gitmo, will “temporarily” reside in Oman. “There was no immediate explanation of the reference to their stay being temporary,” points out the Miami Herald. “But U. S. diplomats have in the past negotiated transfers to security arrangements that withhold travel documents from the freed captives for a specific time period, in some instances two years. ” The Pentagon has confirmed the release of the 10 detainees, which reduced the Gitmo population down to 45. Obama, which vowed to shut down the facility during his election campaign in 2008, is expected to bring the number of detainees down to nearly 40 by the time incoming President Donald Trump takes over on Friday. On Tuesday, the Pentagon has identified the 10 men as: Ghaleb Nassar Al Bihani (Yemen) Mustafa Abd   Abd     (Yemen) Karim Bostam (Af) Abdul Sahir (Afghanistan) Musab Omar Ali   (Yemen) Hail Aziz Ahmed   (Yemen) Salman Yahya Hassan Mohammad Rabei’i (Yemen) Mohammed   (Yemen) Muhammad Ahmad Said Haider (Yemen): and Walid Said bin Said Zaid (Yemen). Eight of the men are from Yemen and two from Afghanistan, both countries ravaged by ongoing wars.   A substantial portion of the jihadists who remain in Guantánamo are from Yemen. “All the men sent to Oman earlier [before the recent transfer] were from neighboring Yemen,” reports the Miami Herald. “It is U. S. policy not to repatriate Yemeni detainees from Guantánamo to their turbulent,   nation. ” Citing anonymous Western and Iranian officials late last year, Reuters noted that the   border is porous, adding that “much of the recent [human and weapons] smuggling activity [into Yemen] has been through Oman. ” The recent transfer has transformed Oman into the largest Guantánamo resettlement nation. According to the Miami Herald, “The sultanate, which is said to have a special rehabilitation and reintegration program, previously took in 20 captives from Guantánamo in three transfers of 10, four and six men in January 2016 and in 2015. ”"
"Sunday on ABC’s “This Week,” when asked about a White House petition calling for President Donald Trump to release his tax returns, Trump aide Kellyanne Conway said Trump is “not going to release his tax returns. ”  Conway said, “He’s not going to release his tax returns. We litigated this all through the election. People didn’t care. They voted for him. Let me make this clear, most Americans are focused on what their tax returns will look like while President Trump is in office, not what his look like. You know full well that President Trump and his family are complying with all the ethical rules, everything they need to do to step away from his businesses. and be a   president. ” Follow Pam Key on Twitter @pamkeyNEN"
"A survivor of an Aug. 21, 2013 Sarin gas attack on his village called “Moadhamiyeh” in West Damascus, Syria told Breitbart News he is grateful for President Donald Trump’s strike against the Syrian military, which is a complete turnaround from President Barack Obama’s puzzling acceptance of President Bashar Assad and his regime. [“I want to tell President Trump with all my heart: Mr. President, as a Syrian and as a chemical weapon survivor, I want to thank you for taking action against the dictator, who has been killing us for more than six years,” said Kassem Eid, who spoke to Breitbart News from his home in Germany.  Eid was the subject of a 2015 60 Minutes report by Scott Pelley. The chemical attack was delivered by missiles from Damascus, he said. “My heart stopped as I was helping people. I was in a coma. My body was placed next to a bunch of dead bodies,” he said. “Fortunately, my friends saw me move slightly and they called over a doctor,” he said. “They gave me more Atropine and gave me CPR and washed my body over and over with water until I came back as conscious. ” Before the chemical attack, the Syrian air force was bombing the town, he said. “Suddenly, I started to hear strange sounds,” he said. “They were the missiles coming from Damascus,” he said. “After two years of shelling and bombardment, you get to know which type of weapon you are getting hit with. This noise was a new and strange voice. The missiles were flying a low distance to the ground, like a small air jet flying off the ground. A few seconds later the missiles hit the ground and they did not make an explosion. ” Everyone was expecting an explosion, so everyone was confused, he said. “I was looking from the window to see what was going on and I lost my ability to breathe,” Eid said. “I felt my chest set on fire. My eyes were burning. I had an unbearable feeling of pain all over my body and my stomach. I couldn’t scream or do anything to alert my friends. I started beating my chest. That was my normal reaction to beat my chest as hard I can to get a single breath,” he said. “Then, the neighbors started waking up screaming. Everyone was screaming. I went downstairs and went out and saw what I could only describe as Judgement Day,” he said. “There was panic and terror, but not a single drop of blood. ” Eid came to America after his village was attacked to tell Congress and the American people what was happening in his country. In 2014, he quit his activism in the United States and focused on Europe. Beginning in 2011, Eid and his neighbors were under constant barrage, in addition to the one chemical weapon attack, he said. “I survived more than     years of life under siege and bombardment by the Assad regime,” he said. “We had to survive on eating rats for more than a year, because of the   siege —  the daily bombardment by tanks, planes, mortars. ” Eid said people in his village were part of the original uprising against the regime in 2011, before the emergence of the Islamic State when the armed force protecting his village was not tied to a religious or cultural faction. “The local fighters were from our own town, most of the officers were defectors who refused commands to shoot at peaceful protesters,” he said. “They were students and teachers and some of them were even doctors —  normal people, who just wanted to defend themselves. ” During the fighting, when the Syrian Army was pressing to invade the village, there were brutal crimes, such as rapes, burning individuals alive, and gutting people with knives, he said. Assad’s crimes were deliberate, so he could manufacture a refugee crisis that would force the Western governments to negotiate with him, he said. “I think Obama made a terrible mistake by not punishing Assad and not making sure, 100 percent, that Assad delivered all of his chemical weapons,” he said. “Obama was very easy on Assad in a way that raised a lot of questions and a lot of —  I don’t know —  doubts about the true intentions of leaving someone like Assad —  committing such horrible crimes —  unpunished,” he said."
"President Donald Trump’s new choice for the Department of Labor is former Justice Department official Alexander Acosta. [“I think he’s going to be a tremendous Secretary of Labor,” Trump said during his press conference at the White House on Thursday afternoon, announcing his decision.  Acosta, who has a Harvard law degree, is currently the dean of Florida International University College of Law and served on the National Labor Relations Board. He also clerked for Judge Samuel Alito on the Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit."
"A   whistleblower at the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has revealed that the organization published manipulated data in a major 2015 report on climate change in order to maximize impact on world leaders at the UN climate conference in Paris in 2015. [According to a report in The Mail on Sunday, NOAA scientist Dr. John Bates has produced “irrefutable evidence” that the NOAA study denying the “pause” in global warming in the period since 1998 was based on false and misleading data.  The NOAA study was published in June 2015 by the journal Science under the title “Possible artifacts of data biases in the recent global surface warming hiatus. ” Dr. Bates accused the lead author of the paper, Thomas Karl, of “insisting on decisions and scientific choices that maximized warming and minimized documentation. ” Bates says that Karl did so “in an effort to discredit the notion of a global warming pause, rushed so that he could time publication to influence national and international deliberations on climate policy. ” Bates said that NOAA bypassed its own protocol, never subjecting the report to NOAA’s strict internal evaluation process. Rather, NOAA superiors rushed the study through in a “blatant attempt to intensify the impact” of the paper on the Paris meeting on climate change, he said. The “Pausebuster” paper produced by NOAA in 2015 was based on two new sets of temperature data —  one measuring land temperatures and the other sea temperatures —  both of which turned out to be flawed. According to reports, NOAA has now decided to replace the sea temperature dataset just 18 months after it was issued, because it used “unreliable methods which overstated the speed of warming. ” A reported increase in sea surface temperatures was due to upwards adjustments of readings from fixed and floating buoys to agree with water temperature measured by ships, according to Bates. Bates said that NOAA had good data from buoys but then “they threw it out and ‘corrected’ it by using the bad data from ships. You never change good data to agree with bad, but that’s what they did  —   so as to make it look as if the sea was warmer. ” The land temperature dataset, on the other hand, was the victim of software bugs that rendered its conclusions “unstable,” Bates said. Climate change skeptics have long insisted that scientists are susceptible to political and social pressures to produce the “right kind” of data to back up specific policy decisions. Dr. Duane Thresher, a climate scientist with a PhD from Columbia University and NASA GISS, has pointed to a “publication and funding bias” as a key to understanding how scientific consensus can be manipulated. Although scientists are held up as models of independent thinkers and unbiased seekers of truth, the reality is that they depend on funding even more than other professions, and will study what they are paid to study. The Obama administration, which persistently denied that a climate debate even existed, channeled billions of federal dollars into programs and studies that supported its claims, while silencing contrary opinions. Thomas Karl, the lead author on the Pausebuster paper, had a longstanding relationship with President Obama’s chief science adviser, John Holdren, giving him a “hotline to the White House. ” Holdren was an ardent advocate of vigorous measures to curb emissions. “In reality, it’s the government, not the scientists, that asks the questions,” said David Wojick, an expert on climate research spending and a longtime government consultant. Federal agencies order up studies that focus on their concerns, so politics ends up guiding science according to its particular interests. “Government actions have corrupted science, which has been flooded by money to produce politically correct results,” said Dr. William Happer, professor emeritus of physics at Princeton University and a member of the National Academy of Sciences. “It is time for governments to finally admit the truth about global warming. Warming is not the problem. Government action is the problem,” he said. NOAA, the world’s leading source of climate data, not only produced a severely flawed study for political motives, it also mounted a   when challenged over its data. Not long after the study’s publication, the US House of Representatives Science Committee initiated an inquiry into its claims that no pause in global warming had existed. NOAA refused to comply with subpoenas demanding internal emails and falsely claimed that no one had raised concerns about the paper internally. President Donald Trump has pledged he will withdraw from the Paris Agreement that binds signer countries to a series of stringent measures to lessen emissions. Follow Thomas D. Williams on Twitter Follow @tdwilliamsrome"
"Disney CEO Bob Iger, one of the few entertainment industry executives asked to attend President Donald Trump’s policy forum at the White House this week, will not be attending the event. [UPDATE: A Disney representative emails to clarify that Iger was unable to attend the policy forum because the White House changed its date from Thursday, February 2nd, to Friday, February 3rd. A Disney Board of Directors meeting had been scheduled for the 3rd long before the forum’s organization. The email states that Iger is still a member of the forum’s committee.  In December, President Trump described the policy forum being held at the White House as a meeting of “CEOs and business leaders who know what it takes to create jobs and drive economic growth. ” The event was organised by Blackstone chairman Stephen A. Schwarzman and Bob Iger was considered one of the more high profile attendees, but a source has told The Hollywood Reporter that Iger will not be there. Many executives from large companies are still scheduled to attend such as SpaceX and Tesla CEO Elon Musk, Uber CEO Travis Kalanick, JPMorgan Chase CEO Jamie Dimon, Walmart CEO Doug McMillon and General Motors CEO Mary Barra. Travis Kalanick of Uber has been attempting to calm recent anger from Uber users over what was perceived as the company’s refusal to participate in an hour long strike organised by New York taxi drivers to protest President Trump’s temporary travel halt. Kalanick stated that he was attending the economic policy meeting to have “a seat at the table” and added: “I understand that many people internally and externally may not agree with that decision, and that’s OK. It’s the magic of living in America that people are free to disagree. ” Kalanick has since chosen not to attend the meeting. Bob Iger has been a longtime Hillary Clinton supporter and contributed $400, 000 to Clinton and other Democrats in the past. Lucas Nolan is a reporter for Breitbart News covering issues of free speech and online censorship. Follow him on Twitter @LucasNolan_ or email him at lnolan@breitbart. com"
"During Thursday’s Savage Nation monologue, Michael Savage gave President Trump a specific series of steps he should follow to solve his problems with leftists intent on “creating a false enemy called Russia. ”[Although Savage speaks in his impassioned style, his advice comes across clearly  —   this isn’t an illegible scribble from the family doctor.  In short, Savage suggests that Donald Trump go on the attack. Savage believes “the propaganda damage has been done. ” But he also says, “I will not jump ship. ”  Savage’s first piece of advice for President Trump is to fight back with his own investigations. He argues, “If I were Donald Trump, I would hire 100 aggressive lawyers, under a ‘Roy  ’ lawyer, and I would investigate all of those who are persecuting me with these false charges. I would put ten investigators on every senator, every congressman, every reporter who has it in for me. ” Savage believes that this sort of investigation would make “most of this go away. ” Savage’s second piece of advice is for President Trump to hold a national press conference. According to Savage, Trump should say he defended General Flynn because “he is a good man, and I’d do it again. ” He should also explain that he shared information about laptop bombs with Russia because “that is my job as President, to protect people. ” Thirdly, Savage believes that Trump should stop tweeting, which he calls “juvenile” and “not presidential. ” Savage is frustrated that instead of holding a press conference, Trump continues his “hiding and tweeting. ” Finally, Savage doesn’t beat around the bush with his suggested staff changes: “Fire your communications director, fire everybody around you in the communications division, they are failing you, and that is why you are in trouble. ” Savage believes that Donald Trump is “flawed” but “not a villain. ” He also believes when leftists in government and their media allies attack Trump, they are attacking the Americans that voted for him, with “  tactics. ” One thing is clear  —   Michael Savage remains dedicated to his vision of America’s future, and has not turned into a cheerleader for the Trump administration, something he promised not to do in his recently published book Trump’s War. Listen to the entire monologue here. Colin Madine is a contributor and editor at Breitbart News and can be reached at cmadine@breitbart. com"
"The Times of Israel reports: The spokesman for Palestinian Authority President Mahmoud Abbas’s Fatah party on Saturday warned that if the Trump administration moves the US embassy from Tel Aviv to Jerusalem, it will “open the gates of hell. ”[Fatah spokesman Osama Qawasmeh said Donald Trump’s campaign promise, if implemented, would negate chances for peace and stability in the region, and “the Palestinian people won’t allow that happen,” according to Israel Radio. To move the embassy, he said, would be to “open the gates of hell in the region and in the whole world. ”  On Friday, Abbas told Le Figaro the Palestinians might revoke their recognition of Israel: If the embassy transfer takes place, “there would be several options for us, and we would discuss them with Arab countries,” Abbas said. “Reversing our recognition of the State of Israel is one of them. But we hope that it doesn’t reach that point, and that, on the contrary, we will be able to work with the next American administration,” he added. Read more here."
"An illegal immigrant who was once protected by the   Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals (DACA) program is now expected to be deported after being hit with alleged drug and trespassing charges. [Juan Manuel Martinez, 19, will soon become one of a few DACA recipients, often referred to as ‘DREAMers,’ who will be deported back to his native country after   with the law, according to the Mercury News.  Earlier this year, Martinez was arrested for drug possession after Monterey County sheriff’s deputies found meth and marijuana in his vehicle. Martinez was also charged with trespassing, which he later pleaded no contest to. Following Martinez’s arrest, the Immigration and Customs Enforcement (ICE) immediately flagged the DREAMer for being in the U. S. illegally. ICE asserts that Martinez’s tattoos tie the illegal immigrant to a local foreign criminal gang. Martinez’s mother and attorney refute that allegation. Martinez is facing an immigration hearing this week, where he is expected to be deported from the U. S. The potential deportation of Martinez by ICE shows a clear break from   immigration enforcement policies, where ICE only sought the detainment and deportation of illegal immigrants who had been convicted of crimes. Under President Donald Trump and Department of Homeland Security (DHS) Secretary John Kelly, all illegal immigrants in the U. S. are eligible for deportation back to their native countries. Most recently, Attorney General Jeff Sessions reiterated the Trump Administration’s policy on illegal immigrants, especially those charged with crimes who were once protected by DACA, as Breitbart Texas reported. “Everybody in the country illegally is subject to being deported, so people come here and they stay here a few years and somehow they think they are not subject to being deported  —   well, they are,” Sessions said at the time. Along with Martinez,    Juan Manuel Montes, a DACA recipient, was deported by ICE after having four criminal convictions including one for shoplifting and three others for driving without a license. John Binder is a reporter for Breitbart Texas. Follow him on Twitter at @JxhnBinder."
".@RepAdamSchiff weighs in on Devin Nunes’ role in Russia investigation #morningjoe pic. twitter.  Tuesday on MSNBC’s “Morning Joe,” Rep. Adam Schiff ( ) the ranking member of the House Intelligence Committee, said his counterpart on the committee chairman Rep. Devin Nunes ( ) had no completely absolved himself from the committee’s investigation into allegations the Russian government interfered in the 2016 presidential election.  Nunes had recused himself earlier this year. However, Schiff said he was still insisting on signing off on subpoenas and that he was conducting oversight into the unmasking of American citizens in raw intelligence in a way that was “not helpful” to the Russia investigation. Partial transcript as follows: MICHAEL SCHMIDT, THE NEW YORK TIMES: Congressman, what role is Devin Nunes, the member of your committee, playing in the investigation? He had said he was going to step aside and then there were some  —   some notion that maybe he was still signing subpoenas and playing a role in the investigation. How involved is he, and does that concern you? SCHIFF: Well, his only involvement in the Russia investigation, but it does concern me, is that he is still insisting on signing off on the subpoenas in the Russia investigation. That authority, by our rules, can be delegated to Mr. Conaway with consultation with myself. That’s what should have been done by now. It hasn’t been done. So that does concern me. JOE SCARBOROUGH: Why  —   why hasn’t it been done? SCHIFF: He simply refuses at this point. SCARBOROUGH: But  —   but  —   but you mean even related to the Russian investigation? SCHIFF: Yes. Yes. SCARBOROUGH: But he recused himself. SCHIFF: Well  —   exactly. SCARBOROUGH: But  —   but isn’t that  —   isn’t that one of the most important aspects of  —   MIKA BRZEZINSKI: Questions  —   SCARBOROUGH: Of running an investigation, the power to subpoena witnesses? SCHIFF: It absolutely is. And it’s indefensible. You know, the only thing I can say is, thus far we have only sought to issue four subpoenas. He did sign off on them, but it’s still inexcusable that he’s ultimately a check on what the Russia investigation can do. BRZEZINSKI: Yes. SCHIFF: The other part of it is, there’s this unmasking oversight going on. That is something that he is conducting. And I think some of the timing of what he has done there has been designed is helping propagate the administration’s message in a way that is not helpful to the Russia investigation. Follow Jeff Poor on Twitter @jeff_poor"
"President Donald J. Trump has restored the bust of former British Prime Minister Winston Churchill to the Oval Office during his first day as president. [The new addition to the presidential office was spotted as the Mr. Trump was signing an order seeing the “prompt repeal” of Obamacare, his first official state action.  The sculpture of the wartime leader’s head is said to be a replica of one given to 1960s leader Lyndon B. Johnson and first appeared in the Oval Office during former George W. Bush’s administration. However, it was replaced by a bust of civil rights activist Martin Luther King Jr. during Barack Obama’s time in office. When I met Trump as President elect I asked him to return the Churchill bust to the Oval Office. First day: pic. twitter.   —   Raheem Kassam (@RaheemKassam) January 21, 2017,  After meeting Mr. Trump in November, former UKIP leader Nigel Farage said he was “especially pleased at his very positive reaction to the idea that Sir Winston Churchill’s bust should be put back in the Oval Office”.   mayor Boris Johnson famously criticised Mr. Obama’s decision to remove the bust in an article for the Sun, suggesting the decision was fuelled by Mr. Obama’s “ancestral dislike of the British Empire”. On Friday night, news reports circulated that a bust of Mr. Luther King had been removed from the Oval Office. However, the statue was simply not visible behind a door when reporters were let inside."
"A county judge in Florida has ruled unconstitutional on Tenth Amendment grounds another of President Donald Trump’s executive orders on immigration, this one concerning federal funding for sanctuary cities. [This week President Trump is signing a new executive order (EO) to replace Executive Order 13769, the one restricting immigration from seven   nations that had been stayed (i. e. put on hold) by   judges in first by Washington State and later by the U. S. Court of Appeals for Ninth Circuit, which the president signed on Jan. 27 of this year.  Often overlooked is an EO the president signed earlier that week. On Jan. 25, Trump issued EO 13768, concerning several other immigration issues, such as prioritizing the removal of criminal aliens. Regarding “sanctuary cities” —  cities and counties that refuse to cooperate with federal authorities on deportations —  Section 2( c) of the earlier EO requires federal agencies that such cities “that fail to comply with applicable Federal law do not receive Federal funds, except as mandated by law. ” James Lacroix is an immigrant from Haiti who is in the United States under a special relief program after his country’s devastating 2010 earthquake. Since arriving, he has repeatedly driven without a license, which became a felony once he was labeled a habitual offender. So now he has been ordered deported after finishing his county jail time. Lacroix petitioned for a writ of habeas corpus to order his release after he finished serving his jail time. The court for Florida’s   County noted that often: Immigration and Customs Enforcement (“ICE”) the federal agency responsible for the deportation of those whose presence in this country is unlawful, will file a detainer or lodge a request with [local jail officials] seeking to have [local authorities] retain an inmate whom the [local authorities] would otherwise release, so that ICE can arrange to take custody of him. The county jail continued to keep Lacroix under one such immigration hold. In the past   did not honor such requests, but changed course after Trump issued EO 13768, presumably so the county did not jeopardize the funding it receives from Washington, D. C. Judge Milton Hirsch ordered Lacroix granted the writ of habeas corpus and ordered Lacroix released, holding that EO 13768 unconstitutionally coerces   County in violation of the Tenth Amendment. Hirsch construed the Supreme Court’s 2011 case Bond v. United States as empowering Lacroix to raise the claim that EO 13768 exceeds congressional authority under the Constitution’s Spending Clause, and therefore violates the Tenth Amendment. The Supreme Court has previously only allowed states to make a coercion challenge against Congress. While this claim could possibly be raised by a county or city as part of the state, nothing in Supreme Court precedent suggests that individual persons can raise the claim. Moreover, all such Tenth Amendment claims have only been raised against the federal government, never in a case against state or local officials, as is happening here. The case now goes to Florida’s court of appeals, and from there it can go to the Florida Supreme Court. Since it involves federal issues, it is possible for the U. S. Supreme Court to then weigh in on those claims. The case is Lacroix v. Junior. Ken Klukowski is senior legal editor for Breitbart News and a fellow with the American Civil Rights Union. Follow him on Twitter @kenklukowski."
"PARIS (AFP)  —   French investigators were Saturday probing the background of the jihadist who shot dead a policeman on Paris’s prestigious Champs Elysees avenue as a jittery nation drew breath on the eve of the first round of a   presidential election. [Candidates have clashed over how to protect France since Thursday night’s shooting, which the Islamic State (IS) group claimed as the work of one of its devotees.  Analysts say the attack could shake up the   contest between right wing leader Marine Le Pen, centrist Emmanuel Macron, conservative Francois Fillon and   firebrand   Melenchon. A note praising IS was found next to the body of    gunman Karim Cheurfi, who shot dead an officer and wounded two others before being killed in a firefight that sent tourists on the   boulevard rushing for cover. The violent scenes thrust security to the fore of campaigning after nine months of relative calm. Le Pen, Fillon and Macron cancelled their final rallies Friday. Le Pen has moved quickly to present herself as the strongest defender against Islamist radicals in a country scarred by a string of attacks that have claimed 239 lives since 2015. The    leader of the   National Front (FN) called for France to “immediately” take back control of its borders from the European Union and deport all foreigners on a terror watchlist. “This war against us is ceaseless and merciless,” she said, accusing the Socialist government of a “cowardly” response to the threat. Fillon and Macron also hastily convened televised briefings in which they vowed to protect the country. “Some haven’t taken the full measure of the evil,”    Fillon said, promising an “ ” approach. Macron, a    moderate whom Fillon has portrayed as too inexperienced for the top job, said France was paying for the intelligence jobs cuts made when Fillon was prime minister between 2007 and 2012. Describing the Champs Elysees shooting as an attack on democracy, he urged voters: “Do not give in to fear. ” Veteran   Melenchon, 65, was the only one of the four to stick to his schedule. A BVA poll conducted on Thursday and Friday showed Le Pen and Macron tied on 23 percent, ahead of Melenchon with 19. 5 percent and Fillon on 19 percent.  —   ‘No signs of radicalisation’  —   Cheurfi drew up alongside a police van and shot an officer sitting at the wheel, sending shoppers and strollers on the ritzy Champs Elysees scattering for safety. He was killed while trying to flee on foot. A German tourist was slightly wounded in the crossfire. A statement by IS’s propaganda agency Amaq issued shortly after the attack identified the assailant as “Abu Yussef the Belgian”. The claim had raised concerns that a possible second attacker could be on the loose. French authorities said a man sought in Belgium, who was suspected of having planned to travel to France on Thursday, had handed himself in to police in the Belgian city of Antwerp. Cheurfi was arrested in February on suspicion of plotting to kill police officers but released because of a lack of evidence. A serial offender, he spent nearly 14 years in prison for a range of crimes including attacks on the police. He had shown “no signs of radicalisation” while in custody, said France’s   prosecutor Francois Molins.  —   ‘Exploiting’ attack  —   The shooting came days after two men were arrested in Marseille on suspicion of planning an imminent attack and follows a series of deadly strikes around Europe in the past month, targeting Stockholm, London and the Saint Petersburg metro. On Sunday, around 50, 000 police and 7, 000 soldiers will be deployed to protect voters. Until now, surveys showed the French to be more concerned about jobs and the economy than terrorism or security, though analysts warned Thursday’s shooting could change that. US President Donald Trump tweeted that the attack “will have a big effect” on the election. “If it were to benefit someone that would clearly be Marine Le Pen who has dominated this issue throughout the campaign, or Francois Fillon, because of his stature of statesman,” Adelaide Zulfikarpasic of BVA pollsters said. Prime Minister Bernard Cazeneuve accused Le Pen of attempting to make political hay out of the killing, saying she was “seeking, as she does after every tragedy, to take advantage of it”.  —   Chaotic scenes  —   Shop owners and restaurant managers shepherded their customers to backrooms and basements when the shooting began on the Champs Elysees. “We heard the shots and people were running in every direction. But people were calm,” said Lebanese tourist Zeina Bitar, 45, who was shopping with her children nearby. France has been under a state of emergency for nearly a year and a half. The string of terror attacks began in January 2015 with a massacre at the offices of the Charlie Hebdo satirical magazine. The following November, IS gunmen and suicide bombers killed 130 people in Paris, and a Tunisian man rammed a truck through crowds in Nice last July, killing 86 people."
"President Barack Obama will reportedly have a big, beautiful wall around his new home in Washington DC. [According to spy photos from TMZ, workers are currently building a brick wall around the rental home where the Obamas plan to live after leaving the White House.  The home was sold in 2014 for $5, 295, 000 and has 9 beds and 8. 5 bathrooms. It has 8, 200 square feet and was built in 1928. The Obama family is expected to live in Washington D. C. while youngest daughter Sasha finishes school."
"The ‘Angry Police Wives’ group has staged a protest on the eve of the French presidential elections, after several police officers were injured and one killed by an Islamist armed with a Kalashnikov rifle. [Over a hundred wives, husbands and other partners of serving police officers marched in Paris to protest what they see as a failure on the part of the Socialist Party government to protect officers like the ones targeted in the deadly shooting on April 20th.      Xavier Jugelé was murdered by Karim Cheurfi, a career criminal living with his Algerian mother, who and had been previously imprisoned for attempting to murder another police officer. He had handwritten notes defending the Islamic State terror group and a copy of the Qu’ran with him, according to reports. The ’Angry Police Wives’ put their feet down in Paris protest https:  .   —   FemmesSécuritéPaix (@SecurityPaix) April 22, 2017,  The authorities have revealed that he should have been recalled to prison prior to his deadly attack, after breaking his parole to travel to Algeria. “The Meaux prosecutor’s office [legal authority] demanded that he be recalled to jail to complete his sentence,” admitted Francois Molins, France’s most senior investigating magistrate. “[But] On the 7th April Karim Cheurfi was brought before a young magistrate who reminded him of his [prison release] obligations without ordering him to complete the rest of his prison sentence. ” #champselysees I’ve only ever known kindness from French police. #Paris #PrayForParis pic. twitter.   —   Elyse Ashton (@ElyseAshton1) April 21, 2017,  In an interview with Sky News diplomatic editor Dominic Waghorn, one wife said she wanted the government to “protect her husband”. She said she was “angry because [officers] are not protected and it’s not [right] that they are killed like that. We want protection for them. For all forces. Gendarmes, firemen, policemen. ” Asked if she thought the   killing would have an effect on the presidential elections, she said, “Yes. We want more security. ” French police officers’ wives and husbands demonstrate in Paris about terror shooting. pic. twitter.   —   Dominic Waghorn (@DominicWaghorn) April 22, 2017,  Security has been a key theme of Front National leader Marine Le Pen’s campaign. Minutes before news of the attack broke she was saying that it was “a major subject that nobody has mentioned. ” She added: “We must take control of our national borders to know who is coming in. We must reorganise the intelligence services, reinforce the means at the disposal of police and gendarmes, and attack the evil at its roots  —   that’s to say the communitarianism and the development of Islamic fundamentalism. ” Her main rival for the presidency, the former Socialist economy minister and Rothschild banker Emmanuel Macron, has struck a more passive tone, describing radical Islamic terrorism as an “imponderable problem” which will be “part of our daily lives for the years to come”."
"On Wednesday night, fires blazed across the University of California, Berkeley campus, the site of the student Free Speech Movement of the 1960s, as protesters violently derailed the finale of MILO’s college lecture tour. [In 1964, Berkeley student Mario Savio addressed his peers in a speech about the importance of the free and open discussion on college campuses. In his address, Savio argued that the university must return to it’s intended function where students are invited to explore all ideas  —   both radical and mainstream  —   freely and without fear of social or academic repercussion.  It’s been said, that  …     you know  …     we’ve been revolutionaries, and all this sort of thing  …     uh  …     in a way that’s true. We’ve gone back to a traditional view of the university. The traditional view of the university is a community of scholars  …     of faculty and students  …     get together who  …     um  …     you know, with complete honesty  …     who bring the hard light of free inquiry to bear  …     upon important matters in the sciences  …     but also in the social sciences  …     the question of just what ought to be  …     not just  …     what is.  Before discovering the work that the Berkeley free speech activists did under Savio in the 1960s, MILO inspired me to write a manifesto for college students who, in 2016, desired a similar return to form for American universities. Interestingly, a lot of the language in my manifesto echoed the sentiment offered by Savio over 50 years ago. Savio directly called for a return to the university’s original function a place where scholars of all political persuasions can come together and participate in free inquiry. In my early 2016 rally cry to my conservative and libertarian peers, I argued for something very similar. The tides are changing on the American college campus. Authoritarian administrators and faculty members and   campus social justice warriors are finally being challenged by a new brand of radicals poised to reclaim the American university and return it to its original function and purpose: expanding young minds. When I first learned about Savio, I felt an instant connection to him. Aside from being    champions of free speech and intellectual freedom on our campuses, Savio and I are both of   ancestry. We also both put in time as altar servers at our local Catholic churches. Despite our similarities, Savio and I diverge when it comes to personal politics  —   except when it comes to free speech. Savio joined the socialist party as a symbolic rejection of the   system that dominated the politics of not only the country but also the University of California in the 1960s. But despite our ideological differences, Savio and I sought something very similar for our campuses  —   the return of the university to a place where students and faculty of all political persuasions are encouraged and feel welcome in expressing themselves without fear of social or academic repercussion.  Tonight, fires blazed across the same parts of the University of California, Berkeley campus from which Savio once addressed his fellow students. Attendees were attacked and left bleeding by   thugs. Windows were smashed. A girl was  . Antifa are out of control attacking people and setting off fires. pic. twitter.   —   Just Call Me Mister (@MisterMetokur) February 2, 2017,  My friend was giving an interview when some coward peppersprayed her #Berkeley pic. twitter.   —   janey (@janeygak) February 2, 2017,  By responding to MILO’s call for “no restrictions on the content of speech” as Savio did so many years ago with riots and violence, the Berkeley socialists of 2017 that participated in the riots have betrayed the efforts of those that came before them. Tree is now on fire at UC Berkeley #MiloAtCal #UCBerkeley. People keep shouting ”it’s lit!” pic. twitter.   —   Gillian Edevane (@GillianNBC) February 2, 2017,  Tonight, Fox 10 Phoenix anchor John Hook, during a live broadcast of the Berkeley riots, argued that “MILO made his point without saying a word. ” Now more than ever, we need to listen to Savio’s impassioned plea for a return to a university that values a diversity of perspectives, keeping in mind that, tonight, some of the students who follow in the tradition of socialistic activism at UC Berkeley burned the ground on which he once spoke in the demand that the university censor speech that they found objectionable. Tonight, Berkeley betrayed the free speech movement for which the institution is famous. The university has much work to do if it is to protect the legacy of Mario Savio and reclaim the values espoused by the Free Speech Movement of some 50 years ago. For the rioters, engaging with MILO’s call for open discussion and intellectual freedom on college campuses wouldn’t be a bad start. Tom Ciccotta is a libertarian who writes about social justice and libertarian issues for Breitbart News. You can follow him on Twitter @tciccotta or email him at tciccotta@breitbart. com"
"The U. S. Embassy in Afghanistan, the capital of the world’s top producer of opium and its heroin derivative, has fired at least six employees for allegedly using and distributing drugs. [“In this case, all personnel who were found to have been using or in possession of prohibited substances were removed from the contract and no longer work at the U. S. Embassy in Kabul,” a State Department official told the Wall Street Journal (WSJ) on condition of anonymity.  Which drug or drugs the embassy personnel were allegedly involved with remains unclear. However, describing what appears to be a person under the influence of an opiate, the WSJ reports, “Embassy personnel said the investigation was launched after staff noticed one person wandering around in a state of confusion and appearing to be intoxicated. ” BBC learned from unnamed Afghans who have worked at the embassy that the use of hashish by local and foreign staff is common. Not all, but most of the employees fired from the embassy, a component of the U. S. State Department, were reportedly American. It is unclear whether the employees will face any legal repercussions. “The embassy personnel who were fired included those working as contractors for the security company Aegis Worldwide, a subsidiary of GardaWorld, a person familiar with the investigation said. The Aegis website refers all media inquiries to GardaWorld, whose executives didn’t respond to an emailed request for comment,” notes WSJ. “GardaWorld is one of the biggest security companies in Afghanistan and is based in Canada, according to its website. ” The DEA has acknowledged that the vast majority of heroin in Canada originates in Afghanistan. Since the war against terrorism began in Afghanistan more than 15 years ago in October 2015, the U. S. government has spent $8. 5 billion in American taxpayer funds on counternarcotics effort. “Nonetheless, Afghanistan remains the world’s leading producer of opium, providing 80% of the global output over the past decade, according to the United Nations,” reports the U. S. Special Inspector General for Afghanistan Reconstruction (SIGAR) a watchdog agency. Moreover, estimated opium production in Afghanistan skyrocketed to 4, 800 tons in 2015, 25 times more than when the United States invaded the country in 2001. SIGAR reported in December 2014 that some U. S.   reconstruction efforts, “such as improved irrigation, roads, and agricultural assistance,” were being used to cultivate opium in Afghanistan. Unfortunately, the recent incident is not the first time that American personnel in Afghanistan has been caught using illegal drugs. Two U. S.   controllers were found dead last year from what appeared to be heroin overdoses. Furthermore, some U. S. soldiers in Afghanistan have been investigated “on suspicion of using or distributing heroin, morphine or other opiates during 2010 and 2011,” the Associated Press (AP) reported in 2012. Breitbart News has analyzed Pentagon data that shows the number of U. S. service members testing positive for heroin has increased throughout the course of the war in Afghanistan. Some analysts, such as scientist and author William Edstrom, deny the DEA claims that only about one percent of the heroin in the United States, where it is fueling one of the worst deadly drug epidemics in history, comes from the   area. Referring to the DEA claim that most of the heroin in the U. S. comes from Latin America, an article on the heroin surge noted in September 2015: Perhaps heroin shipments from Afghanistan are at lower risk of being seized than heroin coming from Latin America. Might some be entering through government channels, when so much materiel and so many personnel (soldiers, aid workers, diplomats, and contractors) fly directly between the US and Afghanistan? Putting aside the issue of the provenance of the US heroin supply for the moment, surely we can look at heroin as we would any other global commodity. Citing a September 2015 report from the WSJ, the article points out that U. S. “friendly fire” in top   southern Afghanistan “hit a 30 member elite counternarcotics police unit as they were on a mission. ”"
"On Wednesday’s broadcast of MSNBC’s “Morning Joe,” Senator Joe Manchin ( ) stated that what he heard from President Trump’s speech before Congress was, “This man has the ability to correct the unfair trade deals that we have. I truly believe that. He understands business. He can sit down and make a deal. ”  Manchin said, “[T]he things I heard last night was this: This man has the ability to correct the unfair trade deals that we have. I truly believe that. He understands business. He can sit down and make a deal. And I’ve been saying this all along  …    boy, I wish I was dealing with the united states government, what patsies they are.   …     They don’t know how to make a deal. He understands that. Can he right it? I think it’ll help an awful lot. So, some of the things that we heard last night, the family leave was great. I think he wants immigration. I think he wants a pathway forward. ” Follow Ian Hanchett on Twitter @IanHanchett"
"An    Somali asylum seeker is said to have sexually abused two elderly men in a retirement home and attacking the wife of one of the men leading to her death. He will now go to trial. [The Somali is said to have entered a retirement home in the town of Neuenhaus at around 3 am on 22 October of last year by sneaking in through an unlocked door. He is accused of then proceeding to sexually abuse two elderly men and beating an    woman, Neue Osnabrück Zeitung reports.  In a press release, the Osnabrück prosecutor said that the asylum seeker first entered the room of a    man who was half paralysed by a stroke, touching him inappropriately. Police say he had the intention of raping the man. He then moved on into another room where he sexually abused an    man. After noticing that the man shared a room with his wife, the Somali teen beat her bloody, fearing that she might shout out and he would be caught. She was hit so hard that the prosecutor said she later died after choking on her own blood. The    was caught in the hallway of the home by one of the nurses on duty, but fled the scene before police could arrive. He was arrested later that day. According to Alexander Retemeyer, spokesman for the prosecution office, there was no previous connection between the attacker and his victims. The public prosecutor’s office has announced that the asylum seeker will be put on trial for murdering the elderly woman. He is currently being held in a psychiatric hospital. The horrific case is not the first time a senior has been sexually abused by a young asylum seeker. In Austria, a    Afghan asylum seeker raped a    woman who was out walking her dog. The migrant received only 20 months in prison and, because of the short sentence, was not eligible for deportation. Just over a year after the brutal attack, the woman was revealed to have suffered continued illness due to the attack. The victim’s daughter of said her mother’s health had rapidly deteriorated after the attack, and that she was being fed via a feeding tube. She added that her mother’s “body, mind, and especially her soul has given up. ”  Follow Chris Tomlinson on Twitter at @TomlinsonCJ or email at ctomlinson@breitbart. com,  "
"TEL AVIV  —   The leader of a Palestinian terrorist group in Lebanon called for an “  war” with Israel and Jordan in which Iranian soldiers would fight to “liberate Palestine. ”  [“I want to see the revolutionary fighters from [Iran] in the Galilee,” Ahmad Jibril, leader of the Popular Front for the Liberation of   Command, told Hezbollah’s   TV in an interview translated by watchdog group the Middle East Media Research Institute (MEMRI) on Friday.  Jibril said “an axis of resistance” should be formed against Israel that would include Syria, Iraq, Iran and Hezbollah. The aim of the resistance would be to fight for “the liberation of Palestine from the Mediterranean Sea to the Jordan River. ” After defeating Israel, he said, “we will enter Jordan, whether King Abdullah likes it or not. ” He added that “The war with this enemy will be an   war   …     in the Golan, in South Lebanon, in the Galilee   …     [and] will be waged from Rosh Hanikra to Aqaba. ” “Hezbollah is getting ready for it, and so are we,” he added. Jibril’s remarks come in the wake of threats made by Hezbollah chief Hassan Nasrallah, including, most recently, vowing that in a future war Hezbollah would not hold back from targeting Israel’s vital infrastructure. “In the face of Israel’s threats to destroy Lebanon’s infrastructure, we will not abide by red lines, especially regarding Haifa’s ammonia and the nuclear reactor in Dimona. Hezbollah possesses the full courage for this,” he said, according to an English translation of his comments reported by the Naharnet website. Last week, Nasrallah made similar threats against Haifa and Dimona, warning that a strike on the ammonia plant would be akin to a nuclear bomb explosion. During an official visit to Beirut, Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas on Thursday said that Palestinian factions were committed to preserving security in refugee camps around Lebanon."
"Thursday on Fox News Channel’s “Tucker Carlson Tonight,” host Tucker Carlson argued that   an organization he described as a “mostly immigrant street gang” a bigger threat to public safety than ISIS.  Carlson offered examples of   violence and pointed out that while there are likely a “few hundred” active ISIS members in the United States, there were 6, 000 members of   domestically and 30, 000 abroad. Transcript as follows: It’s fair to say, ISIS is the new global gold standard for offal. Combined the Orlando, San Bernardino and Chattanooga terror attacks, and the groups is responsible for at least 68 deaths here in the U. S. over just the past three years and that is bad. On the other hand, it’s nothing compared to  . That organization, a mostly immigrant street gang is a far greater threat to your life than ISIS is. It’s the numbers. It’s not just the body’s pile up in smaller numbers and the coverage isn’t a splashy when they’re covered at all because often they are not. Besides the four killings you just heard about in New York today, there’s Raymond Wood. He’s the Lynchburg teenager apparently murdered and left by the side of the road two weeks ago by a group of   members. All of them were here illegally by the way. There Kayla Cuevas and Nisa Mickens, a pair of teenage girls butchered with machetes by  . They’re walking off from school in Brentwood, New York. We could go on and on and on. And in the future editions of the show, we will. But killing is not the end of the problem with   its members have been caught running child prostitution rings, they’ve been contacted by Mexican drug cartels, and paid their operations. And of course, they engage in the usual extortion, drug trafficking and human smuggling. But unlike ISIS,   makes it hard to live in certain neighborhoods here in this country. Also unlike ISIS, there are a lot of them. ISIS may have a significant pass of supporters in the U. S. and a lot of a suspected does but true active ISIS members  —   pretty small, maybe a few hundred and most.   by contrast, has approximately 6, 000 members according to the government in this country. And they’re supported by more than 30, 000 abroad. Yes, abroad. Because   is fundamentally a foreign threat. Now, the administration is using a lot of firepower to defeat insurgents in the Middle East right now and good for them. But what about the insurgency right down the road from you here in America? Because that’s exactly what it is. Follow Jeff Poor on Twitter @jeff_poor"
"Breitbart London editor in chief Raheem Kassam has urged Americans on the Breitbart News Daily radio show to get inspired by the Trump victory and use the momentum to save the world from the “suicidal philosophy of multiculturalism. ”[Mr. Kassam spoke on the Monday edition of Breitbart News Daily to talk about the alarming trend in Europe and in North America of totalitarian hate speech laws and increasing pressure from governments on those who dare speak out against the liberal social justice orthodoxy.  “I have lived your future. I come, in a lot of ways, FROM the future,” Kassam said noting, “It’s a future of socialism,   warriors, and the death of social conservatism. ” Kassam said that many have asked him if he will be returning to the UK, insisting “the war is lost  —   Europe is over”. Speaking on the show this morning (link below) Kassam notes Europe has become “a continent that promotes a suicidal philosophy of multiculturalism while fashioning itself as the trendy home of tolerance. A continent that prefers fascist     of major scandals to free speech. ” “I’m aghast that over the past few days Germany’s new Fuhrer, Angela Merkel, has decided that Germans should be grateful they have free speech,” he said, slamming German courts who recently made a ruling that the firebombing of a synagogue in Wuppertal was not   but was rather “a legitimate act of criticism against the state of Israel. ” Germany, he said, “is a country more concerned with covering up the disgusting excesses of its   government policy than it is with enforcing morally based laws, and added, “what’s really interesting is that the same synagogue in Wuppertal was originally burned down by Nazis during Kristallnacht in 1938. ” The Breitbart London chief then pleaded with Americans not to “rest on your laurels” saying that by electing Donald Trump Americans have, “created the conditions in which you can speak and operate more freely. In which you can lobby more effectively. And in which you can stand up for your Constitution and your values like never before in recent history. ” “Please seize this opportunity and save the world once again. Please, America. We’re relying on you. ” Listen to the full segment HERE: "
"The Times of Israel reports: Egyptian President     on Sunday discussed   relations,   negotiations and his upcoming trip to the White House with World Jewish Congress President Ronald Lauder. [Sissi is slated to visit the White House to meet US President Donald Trump during the first week of April, and the peace process is expected to be one of the items on the agenda.  “The next stage requires strengthening  …     of   relations at all levels,” Sissi told Lauder, describing the current relations between Washington and Cairo as “close, extensive and of a strategic nature,” according to an Egyptian readout of the meeting published by the Turkish Anadolu agency. The meeting between Sissi and Lauder took place in the presidential palace in eastern Cairo, and was attended by the head of Egyptian intelligence, Khaled Fawzi. Read more here."
"Two nuns have enlisted the help of the Pope’s personal lawyer to fight a court case against Katy Perry’s attempts to buy a former convent, describing the singer as “disgusting” and accusing her of “witchcraft,” according to a report. [The Daily Mail reports that the    singer is facing a legal challenge from the Order of the Immaculate Heart of the Blessed Virgin Mary over her attempt to buy the $14. 5 million property, situated in Los Angeles’ Los Feliz neighborhood, which was formerly lived in by Sisters Rose Catherine Holzman, 86, and Rita Callanan, 78.  “I do not like Katy Perry’s lifestyle,” Callanan told the paper. “I gave a lot of the things from the internet to show the Archdiocese what kind of woman she was. Some of the things she does are disgusting. ” During her first encounter with the singer, Callanan said that Perry was eager to show her a tattoo on her wrist with the name Jesus, and the singer said she planned to buy the property so she could “sit down and drink green tea, and just go to the meditation garden and just meditate. ” Sister Callanan also expressed her disapproval at the singer’s alleged involvement with witchcraft from the time Perry visited Salem, Massachusetts, a town known as ‘The City of Witches,” for the “Salem Witch Walk” in 2014. Though the singer told the nuns she couldn’t remember being in Salem for the “Witch Walk,” Perry was photographed there. THE REVOLUTION IS COMING.  —   KATY PERRY (@katyperry) November 9, 2016, "
"The common element in nearly all the major New York Times and Washington Post stories about President Donald Trump this week is that they are based on source documents the outlets cannot authenticate, do not possess, admit are partial, and refuse to share. [Friday’s supposed “bombshell” stories follow the same pattern. The Times reports that Trump told the visiting Russians that former FBI director James Comey was a “nut job,” and that firing him had eased “pressure” in his ability to conduct foreign policy  —   though the Times takes Trump to mean the legal pressure of the investigation. (That spin makes no sense: firing Comey created more pressure, which was so obvious the Russians joked about it.)  The Times describes its source as “a document summarizing the meeting” that was “circulated” (it does not say by whom). The Times does not have the document. An “American official” simply “read quotations” to the Times. The Post‘s story, which reports that the probe into potential ties between Russia and the Trump campaign has reached “someone close to the president,” cites “people familiar with the matter. ” That does not prove the story is untrue, but the sources are so flimsy that there is no way to have confidence in what the Post calls its “revelation. ” Earlier this week, the Post reported that House Majority Leader Kevin McCarthy ( ) told a meeting of fellow House Republican leaders: “I think Putin pays [Trump]. ” According to those present, the remark was a joke. The Post‘s source was an audio recording of the conversation which it did not have in its actual possession, and which it refuses to share with the public so that people can judge for themselves. The Post did publish a transcript, which it does not appear to have produced itself. The transcript actually supports the claim that McCarthy was joking. The Post‘s reporter has insisted that McCarthy meant his remark to be taken seriously, but refuses to provide the audio. And the day before that, the Times published the   story that Trump had “asked” Comey to end the investigation into former National Security Adviser Michael Flynn. The source was purportedly a memorandum that Comey wrote about his recollection of a conversation with Trump. But the Times did not share the memo, and never even saw the document. It merely relied on a Comey “associate” who “read parts of it to a Times reporter. ” These four stories, taken together, are said by the mainstream media to build a powerful case that Trump committed obstruction of justice and may soon face impeachment. But every piece of evidence could be made up or distorted, and there would be no way to know. In the “nut job” case, the White House has not disputed that Trump made the comment, but it may not be able to explain the context, because doing so would mean releasing more details of a classified conversation that touched on “highly classified” national security matters (as the Post reported on Monday.) In their effort to impugn Trump, the Times and the Post violate the most basic journalistic standards. Publishing parts of a document that you do not possess and cannot verify, and timing the release to cause maximum political damage (right after the president leaves the country) is not investigative journalism. It is political propaganda. It is the mirror image of what the Los Angeles Times did in April 2008, when it published a story referring to a speech   Senator Barack Obama gave at a farewell celebration for radical   academic Rashid Khalidi in 2003. The Times was given a video of the speech, but refused to publish the video. Instead, it offered a mere summary, raising suspicions that the Times had sanitized the event to protect Obama’s presidential campaign. The pattern is the same, from the Khalidi tape to the “nut job” story. For the elite mainstream media, when it comes to protecting Democrats or attacking Republicans, there are no journalistic standards, no ethics, and no shame. Joel B. Pollak is Senior    at Breitbart News. He was named one of the “most influential” people in news media in 2016. He is the   of How Trump Won: The Inside Story of a Revolution, is available from Regnery. Follow him on Twitter at @joelpollak."
"Trevon Maurice Franklin, from Fresno, California, was arrested Tuesday by federal agents for posting the entirety of Deadpool on Facebook while it was still being shown in movie theaters. [Variety reported that according to law enforcement officials, more than 5 million people viewed the film uploaded by Franklin, who went by the screen name of “  M. King” after he uploaded it to the social media platform around eight days after it premiered on February 12 last year. It is unclear how long his pirated version was up on Facebook before it was taken down.  The arrest came after a federal grand jury produced an indictment alleging he reproduced and distributed a copyrighted work the decision was based on an investigation by the FBI. Assistant United States Attorneys Ryan White and Vicki Chou, of the Department of Justice’s Cyber and Intellectual Property Crimes Section will be the ones prosecuting the case against Franklin. Coincidentally, a group of 30 entertainment companies has announced an “  coalition,” designed to help tackle copyright infringement online and suing anyone caught doing so. Some of those involved include Disney, Netflix, Warner Brothers, NBCUniversal, and Amazon. Deadpool was one of the smash hits of early 2016, grossing $363 million at the US box office. Its titular star, Ryan Reynolds, had revealed that he wanted to make it for years after appearing as a version of the character in   Origins: Wolverine. Test footage that leaked online spurred on great excitement from fans, convincing executives to push forward with the film. Twentieth Century Fox is currently producing Deadpool 2, set to be released on June 1st, 2018. Jack Hadfield is a student at the University of Warwick and a regular contributor to Breitbart Tech. You can like his page on Facebook and follow him on Twitter @ToryBastard_ or on Gab @JH."
"A number of websites became unavailable Tuesday after Amazon’s website hosting service went down unexpectedly. [“Trello, Quora, IFTTT, and Splitwise all appear to be offline, as are websites built with the   service Wix GroupMe seems to be unable to load assets (The Verge’s own image system, which relies on Amazon, is also down) and Alexa is struggling to stay online, too,” reported the Verge. “Nest’s app was unable to connect to thermostats and other devices for a period of time as well. ”  It was even reported that Isitdownrightnow. com, a popular site used to tell whether other sites are down, has been affected. Over one million people use Amazon’s service to host their own websites, while the list includes large technology companies such as Snapchat and even some government agencies. Though the majority of sites affected have since gone back online, some appear to still be facing issues. Charlie Nash is a reporter for Breitbart Tech. You can follow him on Twitter @MrNashington or like his page at Facebook."
"Famous for his no holds barred commentary, former New Jersey Governor and noted Cowboys fan Chris Christie went on the “Boomer  Carton” show on WFAN in New York City, and massacred Eagles fans. [According to CBS Philadelphia, Christie said, “I understand why people are interested if you are a public figure, as to who you root for. They’re interested.  “But the hostility, I will tell you that I take for being a Cowboys fan  —   and this is what I say to Giants fans all the time, and Eagles fans. Now Eagles fans I understand it from a little more because the Eagles do suck and they’ve sucked for a long time. And their fans are generally angry, awful people. ” Well, at least he said they’re only “generally” angry and awful. Chris Christie pulls no punches, so let’s not pull ours either. Eagles fans rank among the lowest forms of NFL life. It’s not just the booing of Santa Claus or throwing snowballs at the Cowboys, and those are just the highlights. It’s a wholly unjustified   and   sense of superiority mixed with a healthy dose of surliness and, when they eventually lose, a conspiratorial belief that the world has somehow turned against them. As a native of northern New Jersey, Christie evidently knows the sort all too well. Still, there’s no one more loyal than an Eagles fan. And why shouldn’t Eagles fans be surly? The team jettisoned their best coach in recent memory in exchange for an egomaniac running a high school offense who decided that getting rid of all of his best players, and leaving his defense on the field for 87 minutes a game, were great ideas. That could make a lot of fans surly. Eagles fans have one consolation though, despite winning thirteen games and dominating the NFC all year, Christie’s Cowboys are doing the same thing the Eagles are doing right now. Nothing. Follow Dylan Gwinn on Twitter: @themightygwinn"
"Feminists in Stockholm are leaving areas like the notorious     zones of Husby and Tensta because they say religious fundamentalists now rule those suburbs. [Nalin Pekgul is a   feminist and former member of parliament for the left wing Swedish Social Democrats. For over 30 years, she lived in the Stockholm suburb of Tensta but says that she no longer feels safe there. She claims Muslim fundamentalists have taken over and she doesn’t feel she can visit the centre of Tensta without being harassed, Swedish broadcaster SVT reports.  According to Ms. Pekgul, the situation for women in public life in the area has deteriorated over the past several years. She noted that there has been a rise in religious fundamentalism amongst the men in the area, many of whom come from migrant backgrounds. Pekgul attempted to combat the trend by organising coffee shop meetings but soon abandoned the idea. “In Tensta I am a known face and I have no desire to stir up trouble when I get harassed,” Pekgul said explaining why she no longer goes into the centre of the suburb. When asked if she will remain in the suburb, she said: “I always hope that it will blow over. One should never forget that the vast majority here are cursing the fundamentalists. ” Zeliha Dagli, a former Left Party politician, did end up moving from the   suburb of Husby. Dagli described Husby as having   “morality police” who attempt to control women’s behaviour in the area. Aggression toward feminists, in particular, became an issue she said. “There were rumours that we wanted to take away women’s veils,” she said. “They said that I should keep myself, and then I did not feel so safe anymore. ” Dagli now lives in the inner city area of Stockholm and says she is happier that she can wear or say what she wants without fearing for her safety. She said she would consider returning to Husby, but only if the area became safer for her. Husby, like the   suburb of Rinkeby, is heavily populated by migrants, many of them from countries in Africa and the Middle East and many of them Muslim.  In May of last year, a Norwegian film crew was attacked by a group of locals in Husby while they were attempting to interview Swedish economist and author Tino Sanandaji. Sanandaji, a Kurdish Iranian immigrant, has been slammed by many in Sweden for his new book Mass Challenge which describes the problems Sweden has faced because of mass migration. One library in Stockholm even refused to stock the book accusing it of being racist. American filmmaker Ari Horowitz was also attacked in Husby last year during an investigation into Swedish   zones.  Follow Chris Tomlinson on Twitter at @TomlinsonCJ or email at ctomlinson@breitbart. com"
"Authorities in New York City identified all four of the teens murdered in the brutal homicide allegedly perpetrated by members of the   gang. [Investigators identified the victims on Friday as Michael Lopez Banegas, 20, Jefferson Villalobos, 18, Jorge Tigre, 18, and Justin Llivicura, 16, according to Pix 11.  The bodies were found Wednesday near a soccer field inside Recreation Village Town Park located on Long Island. Authorities said the murders, which represent one incident, are consistent with   which is known to have a strong presence in the area. Referring to just one of the victims, Suffolk County Police Commissioner Timothy D. Sini said, “He was beaten to death. Brutally. It wasn’t like they shot him and left it. They beat him to death brutally. ” Tigre’s brother, William, 21, said that his brother’s friend, Alex Ruiz, alerted him about the murders once authorities found the bodies. William said that Ruiz was a member of  . “He called me, the friend in   he called me  …     and told me my brother is here,” William said. “He said he saw my brother being killed. He told me my brother was here. He gave me this address. ” William said that he checked his brother’s computer and found messages that he sent that said, “I don’t want to do these things anymore. I want out. ” Commissioner Sini noted that   is notorious for extreme acts of violence and that this is a war. “They engage in acts of violence they engage in acts of savagery against folks who can’t defend themselves as well as others in our community,” Sini explained. “This is a   war and make no mistake about it  —   it’s a war. ” On Thursday night, Fox News Host Tucker Carlson said that   is a greater threat to lives of American citizens than ISIS. “Unlike ISIS,   makes it hard to live in certain neighborhoods here in this country. Also unlike ISIS, there are a lot of them,” Tucker said. “  is fundamentally a foreign threat. Now, the administration is using a lot of firepower to defeat insurgents in the Middle East right now and good for them. But what about the insurgency right down the road from you here in America? Because that’s exactly what it is. ” Breitbart Texas reported last month that numerous   gang members, 10 of which were illegal aliens, were indicted for multiple murders in New York. The   takeover of American streets is not restricted to just the Greater New York area. Earlier this month Breitbart Texas reported on the savage murder of a teenager, Raymond Wood, in Virginia by three illegal aliens in  . Wood’s uncle said, “His hands were cut off, his throat was cut, his tongue was pulled into his throat, he was stabbed 16 times, ran over three times. ” Breitbart Texas reported in March about two   members in Texas who were “charged [with] kidnapping and raping a    girl and murdering another. ” The violence was a part of satanic rituals that are commonly practiced by   gang members. Investigators that specialize in gang violence say that   is recruiting children as early as the fifth grade. Ryan Saavedra is a contributor for Breitbart Texas and can be found on Twitter at @RealSaavedra."
"In a shock verdict, a Boston jury has cleared former New England Patriots player Aaron Hernandez of committing a double murder in 2012. [Boston’s Suffolk Superior Court acquitted Hernandez on charges of murdering Daniel de Abreu and Safiro Furtado in a shooting on July 16, 2012, the Boston Globe reports.  The court also acquitted the    former NFL player of witness intimidation for the 2013 shooting of prosecution witness Alexander Bradley. Hernandez was convicted on a single charge of illegal possession of a firearm. After the verdict was announced, the former player reportedly turned toward Shayanna Jenkins, his fiancé at the time of the shooting, and mouthed the words, “I love you. ” For her part, Jenkins told the media she was “very happy” after the proceedings. Hernandez is already serving a life sentence due to his conviction in another murder trial. In 2015 Hernandez was found guilty of the 2013 shooting of Odin Lloyd. Follow Warner Todd Huston on Twitter @warnerthuston or email the author at igcolonel@hotmail. com."
"The chairmen of two of the three committees dealing with the repeal and replace of the 2010 Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act, or Obamacare, at the Capitol told reporters Tuesday that Republicans should not waste their chance to salvage President Barack Obama’s landmark healthcare reform law. [“The American Health Care Act transfers power back to the American people,” said Rep. Kevin Brady (R. ) the chairman of the House Ways and Means Committee. “We restore state control of healthcare, so it can be designed for the families and communities in each state. We restore the   so Americans have a choice tailored to what they need, what their families need. ”  Brady was joined by Rep. Greg Walden (R. .) the chairman of the Energy and Commerce Committee. In the House, the restructuring of Obamacare is going through three committees, including the Budget Committee, led by Rep. Diane Black (R. . ). The bills are on the budget reconciliation track. The reconciliation track restricts the bill to budgeting matters, but also carries a privileged status in the Senate, so that there is no   requirement to end debate. In the Senate, Republicans hold a    majority. Brady said the Ways and Means Committee, which has jurisdiction over the federal tax code, is dismantling Obamacare taxes and mandates that have hurt jobs and driven up health care costs. The bill also features a more robust treatment of the Health Savings Accounts and monthly tax credits available immediately to  support premium payments. Opening up the tax credits means that individuals and small businesses get the same treatment as large corporations, he said. A reporter asked Brady if he was concered that conservatives are calling his bill   or Obamacare 2. 0. Brady said he calls his bill “Obamacare Gone. ” Walden said, “This is an important step moving forward. ” The bill fulfils the GOP’s promise to the American people to repeal and replace Obamacare and is the first of a number of steps, he said. Walden said the next steps are at the three committees, followed by the House Rules Committee, which clears bills for the House floor. “We’ve held a lot of listening sessions with our members,” he said. “I have met individually with the groups in our conference. We had a lot of discussions over the weekend with the White House and various folks there,” he said. “It is a legislative process. We now have a bill that is available for all to read. ” The text of the   bill is posted at ReadtheBill. gop. Without this bill, Walden said Obamcare itself would collapse, which is why the insurance companies are getting out of the Obamacare market exchanges. According to the Congressional Budget Office projections from 2010, 21 more million Americans would have coverage through the PPACA, but in the end it was only 10 million, as the costs and the coverage made Obamacare the wrong choice, he said. Almost half of the people opting out of Obamacare are under age 25, he added. “We need to reform this market. ”"
"At the end of May, it will be three years since former tech employee Craig Diangelo was laid off and forced to train his foreign replacement through the   visa. [The    is looking to change the very system which dismantled his and so many of his friends’ lives. Diangelo is running for the Fifth Congressional District in Connecticut, which is currently held by    Rep. Elizabeth Esty ( ).  “She’s useless,” Diangelo said of Esty in an interview with Breitbart Texas. Diangelo said in 2013, he was working at what is now Eversource Energy, when suddenly the company partnered with Infosys and Tata Consulting Service to replace at least 220 Americans’ jobs to primarily Indian nationals who were coming to the U. S. through the   visa. That’s when Diangelo, who was featured on an   visa investigative on 60 Minutes last month, said he and his fellow American coworkers, many of whom who had been at the company for more than a decade, put up a silent protest. The Americans knew their days were numbered at Eversource Energy, formerly North East Utilities, so they began putting American flags at each of their cubicles, and when they were fired due to the   visa replacement workers, they would pack up their things and take their flag down. Eventually, Diangelo said, there were no American flags left, with the entire makeup of the IT department coming through the   visa at the expense of the locals. To make matters even worse, the Americans either complied to train their foreign replacements or see their severance packages disappear. “The company would say, ‘You’re not being forced to train your replacements, but if you don’t, you don’t get your severance,’” Diangelo told Breitbart Texas. “My company bound us to   agreements, which means we were not allowed to disparage the company or talk about what was happening,” Diangelo said. “It’s good for a lifetime. You’re bound by that contract. ” Every year, more than 100, 000 foreign workers are brought to the U. S. on the   visa. Most recently, that number has ballooned to potentially hundreds of thousands each year, as universities and   are exempt from the cap. With more entering the U. S. through the visa, Americans are often replaced. “For a year afterward, I was very upset and depressed,” Diangelo said. “A lot of people couldn’t find work. Lots of the older workers are working at supermarkets and driving school buses. Others moved out of the area. ” Of the 220 American employees fired and replaced from Eversource Energy by   foreign guest workers, Diangelo remains the only one who has spoken openly about the issue. Now, he wants to unseat Esty to represent the once industrial region of New Britain, an area that he says was devastated by the NAFTA   agreement, which made it easier for companies to outsource jobs to Mexico and Canada. “She’s been of no help whatsoever,” Diangelo said of Esty. “In the years since I was laid off, I’ve got nothing but   from my representatives. ” Though frustrated with the lack of action from Democrats and Republicans in Congress to protect American workers and their jobs, Diangelo said he recently was inspired by a speech Sen. Tom Cotton ( ) gave on the Senate floor. At the time, Cotton was lambasting the recent House spending bill, as it would have increased the number of foreign workers entering the U. S. under a different foreign guest worker visa known as the  . “The employers who abuse the   program go to the greatest lengths to avoid hiring an American worker,” Cotton said on the Senate floor. “The program says you have to advertise for the job in advance. And they do, hundreds of miles away in obscure newspapers that have nothing to do with the employer’s local economy. ” Diangelo said he was impressed by the impassioned plea for Americans. “That’s the type of lawmaker I want to be,” Diangelo said. “I want to get on that floor and talk about how this is hurting American workers. The government has made it too easy for corporations to circumvent   law. ” Currently, Diangelo said he has a pending Department of Justice (DOJ) discrimination lawsuit against Infosys, with hopes that Attorney General Jeff Sessions will take steps toward penalizing employers who are responsible for the some 1. 7 million American workers who’ve been laid off and displaced because of the   visa. “I identify with the America First agenda,” Diangelo said. “This really is a big issue. ” John Binder is a reporter for Breitbart Texas. Follow him on Twitter at @JxhnBinder."
"Britain’s Prime Minister Theresa May will likely win the parliamentary vote tomorrow that will allow her to call a General Election on June 8th this year. This means a vote is just 50 days away  —   less time than a usual election cycle in the United Kingdom. [May is riding the crest of a wave right now. The Conservative Party is incredibly popular. In part due to the feckless socialist leader of the Labour Party, Jeremy Corbyn the struggle of the UK Independence Party (UKIP) to find a    ’etre and Mrs. May’s handling of Britain’s vote to leave the European Union (EU).  “Brexit means Brexit,” has been her mantra for the past few months, before she formally invoked the Article 50 mechanism by which an EU member state leaves on March 29th. But she also inherited a manifesto from her predecessor David Cameron that she appears not to be fully signed up to. She and her government ran into the first signs on trouble emanating from this during the Budget earlier this year. Chancellor Philip Hammond was forced into an embarrassing   over the issue of a tax hike  —   the latest in a series of policy overhang issues that has hamstrung the May government. She will want to use this General Election to establish a personal and political mandate: allowing her to break from the Cameron government’s pledges, while kicking the Labour Party into touch for the next five years. What this means for the Brexit process however, is concerning some.  Mrs. May was not on the Leave side at the referendum in 2016. In fact, she was a Remainer, albeit a relatively silent one through the campaign period. Steven Woolfe, a Member of the European Parliament who sits as an independent, formerly of UKIP, told Breitbart London: “[May] wants to make this her Brexit. The election will make it her win. Therefore one of the possibilities is that those deemed hard Brexiteers will not be regarded as having the power and the mandate anymore. Therefore she can control the Brexit negotiations. “Whether she will make that a soft or hard Brexit I don’t know but she’ll say I’m in charge and go her way”. An   source added: “Europe believes if she wins there will be a softer Brexit”. “The European Union  —   if you listen to what’s coming out of the spokesman from the EU, they’ve said this is a good day for Britain and negotiations will become much easier from their perspective”. What’s clear is that while a General Election will stabilise Mrs. May’s position, it does start to raise questions over her commitment to the “Brexit means Brexit” claim. Other implications stretch north to Scotland, whereby the Scottish National Party (SNP) who won a vast majority of seats in 2015 will be seen to have failed if they don’t hang onto the same number in the country. The SNP leader, Nicola Sturgeon, is intent on hold another referendum on Scottish independence, but her involvement in this election will perhaps make this vote itself a   referendum on the matter, especially if her vote share and number of Westminster seats declines. In Scotland, the Labour Party are monumentally unpopular, though the Conservative Party under the stewardship of Scottish leader Ruth Davidson has managed to make polling inroads into being an opposition party in the country. Generally speaking, this election currently looks like a   for Mrs. May. What it means for Brexit however, we will all need to be incredibly wary of."
"On Tuesday’s broadcast of CNN’s “The Lead,” Senate Minority Leader Senator Chuck Schumer ( ) argued that the Obamacare exchanges are having problems “because of what the Trump administration and the Republicans are doing. ”  Schumer said, “Look, the reason that the exchanges are having trouble is because of what the Trump administration and the Republicans are doing. If they were today, to say, we’re not repealing, that’s caused a lot of consternation. Insurers like  —   they like certainty. They don’t plan for a year. They plan for several years. ” After anchor Jake Tapper pushed back that insurance companies were pulling out before Trump took office, Schumer replied, “Well, the fact of repeal has accelerated this. CBO, when they came out with their score said the markets were stabilized, but now, with what the president’s doing, and with what Republicans are doing, they’re getting destabilized again. ” Follow Ian Hanchett on Twitter @IanHanchett"
"Following my previous article on a “Satanist”   planned by leftists at California Polytechnic to protest MILO’s upcoming visit to campus, The Satanic Temple have reached out to clarify that they have nothing to do with the event, and defend MILO’s right to free speech. [In response to my previous article, entitled “Cal Poly Leftists Plan Satanist   Against MILO,” Lucien Greaves, the   of The Satanic Temple (TST) immediately reached out to distance the group from the   event at California Polytechnic State University.  “The Satanic Temple was not in any way involved in this, nor would we be,” said Greaves. “The Satanic Temple are firm advocates for free speech and, while we may not agree with the speaker in question on some issues  …    we would never move to have him censored from speaking. We are mortified to have our name falsely attached to this and hope it can be corrected immediately. ” Greaves condemned Cal Poly Students for Quality Education (SQE) for their efforts to censor MILO, noting that “TST has had no contact with Cal Poly SQE, and rejects their celebration of the shutdown of MILO events. ” (Cal Poly SQE had made Facebook posts celebrating the shutdown of MILO’s event at UC Davis). Graves also stated how “disturbed” he is that “so many campus crusaders seek to shut out disagreement by way of censorship. ” The Satanic Temple is perhaps the largest and most   Satanist organization in the United States, with chapters up and down the country. According to a profile in the New York Times, the group’s   does not believe in an actual, living Satan. The group’s website also states that it does not promote belief in a “personal Satan,” and instead views Satan as “symbolic of the Eternal Rebel in opposition to arbitrary authority. ” On Wednesday, The Post Mortem Show, another sponsor of the event, posted a detailed blurb on their website, recognizing the Cloven Hoof Society as one of the event sponsors —  not The Satanic Temple. According to the blurb, the Cloven Hoof Society is performing a live “castigation ritual” at the event. The blurb also explains that the “Demonic  ” is a “protest event in response to the presence of   on campus in the guise of ‘ ’ supporters,” before arguing that “The Cal Poly Administration allowed those fascist douchebags to come to their campus unimpeded, under the guise of ‘free speech,’ so we’re going to use our freedom of speech to tell those clowns exactly what we think about them!” The Cloven Hoof Society’s Facebook page includes a lengthy post with the header “Meet the Angry White Pigs” that features photos of   leader Richard Spencer,   Trump’s senior counselor and chief strategist Stephen K. Bannon and Breitbart Senior Editor MILO —   despite the fact that neither MILO nor Bannon have anything to do with Spencer. “The weekend after the Nazis bring their darkness to our community, we will be casting out their foul presence with a ritual of LIGHT, SHADOW, and BODILY FLUIDS!” claim the Cloven Hoof Society in their “Angry White Pigs” post. “Come join us in our unholy exorcism of the hideous psychic stain that the   will be leaving in our community. If those degenerate idiots think that it’s cool to be ‘ . C,’ then we will gladly show them a thing or two!” MILO is set to speak at California Polytechnic State University on January 31st in one of the final dates of his Dangerous Faggot tour around American universities."
"ROME (AFP)  —   Three men from Kosovo and an unidentified minor have been arrested in Venice on suspicion of plotting to blow up the city’s celebrated Rialto Bridge, Italian police said Thursday. [“With all the unbelievers there are in Venice, you put a bomb under the Rialto and you go straight to heaven,” one of the alleged jihadist plotters said in a wiretapped conversation, said Adelchi d’Ippolito, the Venice prosecutor in charge of the case.  “That was one the most worrying and alarming remarks we heard,” he said at a press conference, revealing that the group had been under surveillance since last year. The suspects were detained in an overnight sweep carried out after it was established that they had undergone “religious radicalisation” according to a police statement. Raids were conducted at 12 locations in the historic centre of the city, which is a magnet for millions of visitors from around the world. D’Ippolito said the suspects appeared to have been studying how to build explosives but did not have the necessary components for making a bomb. “There was a lot of talk about unconditional support to ISIS (the Islamic State group). It wasn’t just theory and dogma,” d’Ippolito said of the wiretaps. They were also envisioning moving on to “planning and projects” he said. Interior Minister Marco Minniti praised the police for what he called “an important success in our terrorism prevention effort. ” The Rialto Bridge is the oldest of the four bridges that span Venice’s Grand Canal, first built at the end of the 12th century. The current bridge, an arched stone construction which dates from the late 16th century, is one of the   landmarks in the floating city and its walkways are frequently packed with tourists. It was the only way of crossing the Grand Canal on foot for the best part of three centuries. According to media reports, the wiretap evidence against the suspects also includes recordings of them celebrating the attack outside Parliament in London last week and discussing their desire to join Islamist fighters in Syria."
"This week the Arkansas House passed a campus carry bill that will require state colleges and universities to allow concealed carry permit holders to be armed on campus for  . [The bill is the complete opposite of the kind of legislation enacted in Ohio, where the state ban on campus carry was removed but state colleges and universities were still given the prerogative to ban concealed carriers from being armed for   on their campuses.  According to NWA, the bill was sponsored by State Representative Charlie Collins ( ). He stood on the House floor and “read off the schools where mass shootings have happened across the country,” describing “the perpetrators as cold and calculating and said they plan meticulously to inflict maximum destruction. ” Collins further added, “By allowing conceal carry holders to carry on campus, we create a deterrent effect because there’s somebody there who may be able to stop this plot. ” State Representative Greg Leding ( ) opposed the bill, suggesting it will make the job of law enforcement tougher. He did not explain how showing up to a campus where the perpetrator has been shot and killed is tougher for law enforcement than showing up to a   campus like Virginia Tech to find 32 unarmed innocents shot to death. The campus carry legislation passed on a vote of 71 to 22 and now goes to the Arkansas Senate. AWR Hawkins is the Second Amendment columnist for Breitbart News and host of Bullets with AWR Hawkins, a Breitbart News podcast. He is also the political analyst for Armed American Radio. Follow him on Twitter: @AWRHawkins. Reach him directly at awrhawkins@breitbart. com."
"A Muslim University of Michigan student will not be charged with a felony after she faked a hate crime attack alleging that a white man threatened to light her hijab on fire. [Washtenaw County Chief Deputy Assistant Prosecutor Steve Hiller told Michigan Live that the woman would not be charged with falsifying a police report.  Back in December 2016, police determined that the Michigan student had faked the hate crime attack after Ann Arbor police investigators and university officials interviewed witnesses and reviewed surveillance footage. “Detectives reviewed hours of surveillance video,” Detective Lt. Matthew Lige told Michigan Live at the time. “We could not find her on any video. They just weren’t there. ” The Muslim woman originally claimed that she was walking on campus when a white man approached her and threatened to light her hijab on fire if she did not remove it. The woman said the man brandished the lighter that he was going to use. She claimed she removed her hijab and the man fled on foot. The woman reported the fake hate crime attack following President Donald Trump’s victory against Hillary Clinton. In a similar hate hoax case, a New York City Muslim woman claimed that she was attacked by a group of Trump supporters while in the subway, an incident that the New York City Police Department (NYPD) said did not occur, as Breitbart Texas reported. John Binder is a contributor for Breitbart Texas. Follow him on Twitter at @JxhnBinder."
"An Uber driver who was taken hostage by an alleged   bank robber livestreamed the ordeal on Facebook in an attempt to alert police. [In the first live video uploaded to Facebook, the Uber driver and   under the Facebook name “Mikebilly  ” commented “omg 911 i need help,” before adding “im in trouble bomb,” “he gots (sic) a fucking bomb,” and “im a fucking hostage,” alerting friends and family on the social network.  A suited bald man, the suspected robber, can be seen in the video holding a coat over a device, while instructing bank staff and customers.  In the second live video, the hostage can be seen driving the car with the robber in the passenger seat, who directs a message to the news. “Any news media that wants to talk to me can call me,” declares the robber, looking at the hostage’s phone. “If anyone has a point of view like mine, that wants peace on the planet, for countries to merge  …     I don’t want us to fight a war with Russia. Why are we leading to another world war? That’s what the UN is for. That means the UN isn’t working, and that means our government is not playing nice with other people. ” “And it’s not because we don’t want to, it’s because our leaders are not doing what they’re supposed to do. They’re lying to us” he continued. “They’re lying. They’re not leading properly. I think  …     I’m just very suspicious, and I think it’s very dreadful to say, but they’re being bribed. I think they let themselves be led by special interest groups, and maybe what I’m saying will get me killed. ” In the third live video, the robber can be heard still talking about politics, proclaiming “let’s not kill any innocent people, let’s just merge governments,” while the hostage looks at the camera with a worried expression and declares “he’s got a bomb. ” The robber then shows the camera an envelope of stolen money and a bag where the bomb is allegedly placed, before the hostage repeats his situation, with friends and family seen in the comments section asking him whether it’s real.  “Wtf billy is this real[? ]” asked one commented, while another added “Omg Billy please where are u. ” The robber is reported to have later given out the money he took from the bank, with a similar looking individual seen handing out $20 bills to the public. “At 5 p. m. Monday, viewers shared pictures of a man, who looks like strikingly similar to the one in the Facebook Live, standing on top of a car passing out money as people crowd around him” wrote CBS Miami. “Another picture shows a woman posing with a bunch of $20 bills in her hand. ” Miami Beach spokesperson Ernesto Rodriguez claimed that a large component of the investigation was focused on social media. “A component of this entire investigation as many are aware is social media,” said Rodriguez, confirming that “Earlier in the day, there was a bank robbery in the city of Miami at The Navy Federal Credit Union. ” “The subjects that we have now in custody by the FBI believe to be involved, allegedly” Rodriguez continued. “There was a lot of components, a lot of threats made, which we are investigating in conjunction with federal authorities. ” Several streets were reportedly closed off, while the local bomb squad evaluated the vehicle involved. Update: @MiamiPD Bomb Squad has rendered the vehicle involved safe. Streets will be reopened shortly. Two subjects in custody by @FBIMiamiFL pic. twitter.   —   Miami Beach Police (@MiamiBeachPD) January 10, 2017,  Charlie Nash is a reporter for Breitbart Tech. You can follow him on Twitter @MrNashington or like his page at Facebook."
"Sunday on CNN’s “Reliable Sources,” former Obama speechwriter Jon Lovett criticized CNN for who the puts on to offer a   perspective during the network’s panel discussions.  Lovett praised host Brian Stelter for going after Fox News Channel’s Sean Hannity for what he deemed as being “intellectually dishonest. ” However, he argued Stelter could do the same with   CNN personalities, including contributors Jeffrey Lord and Kayleigh McEnany, for being “stupid,” a “bullshit factory” and “terrible representatives of the views of conservatives. ” Partial transcript as follows: LOVETT: Look, here’s an example. You go after Hannity on this show, right? You say he’s intellectually dishonest, he doesn’t care about the truth, he doesn’t care about what his audience cares about, right? Then you turn on CNN, and Hannity has got a little beachhead on half the shows on this network. You turn it on, and there’s a big, giant panel. And you have  …     STELTER: You mean Jeffrey Lord and Kayleigh McEnany and other Trump supporters. LOVETT: Absolutely. And you look at that giant panel, and it’s smart person, smart person, smart person, stupid person, smart person, smart person, smart person, bullshit  …     (CROSSTALK) STELTER: Why does it help to insult Trump supporters like that? LOVETT: I’m not insulting the Trump supporters. (CROSSTALK) STELTER: You just called them stupid people. LOVETT: I’m not calling the Trump supporters stupid people. I’m calling the people that CNN puts on television are terrible representatives of the views of conservatives. They’re terrible representatives of the kind of politics we should have. I mean, these are not intellectually honest people. These are people building a brand. These are people willing to say anything. And the same criticism you direct at Hannity, you could direct at the people that CNN puts on the air. I mean, I have said this before, but I think it’s true. So often on CNN, there’s a   journalist interviewing campaign rejects and ideologues and silly, craven people who do not care about informing people, that aren’t there to kind of help people understand what is going on in the news. And the thing is, there are millions of people who say every day, we don’t like this, right? You look at every single poll, every single poll. (CROSSTALK) STELTER: But millions are also watching it. (CROSSTALK) LOVETT: Oh, we’re all getting a ratings bump. We’re all getting a ratings bump. STELTER: I wish I had Jason Miller here to react to you right now. You’re saying these people aren’t intellectually honest. LOVETT: I’m  —   what I’m saying is, over and over again, you have polls that say people hate the news. And it’s not sustainable to have an entire  —   look, and some of that is partisanship, right? That is liberals saying that our side is not represented well, and conservatives saying, our side is not represented now. But how is it sustainable that we all cannot stand the way the news comes at us, right, and not just the substance of it, but the way it’s delivered? And I think what we have found with this company is that there’s an appetite for something different, for something that is at times serious, but doesn’t take itself seriously. (  RCP Video) Follow Jeff Poor on Twitter @jeff_poor"
"The Democratic National Committee (DNC) is reportedly adding several of Hillary Clinton’s former campaign staffers to their planned political “war room” against   Donald Trump. [According to the Hill, that list includes interim communications director John Neffinger, a veteran Democratic strategist Clinton’s former rapid response director, Zac Petkanas, who will act as senior adviser to the DNC and run the war room former Clinton campaign spokeswoman Adrienne Watson, who will be the DNC’s national press secretary and Tessa Simonds who was appointed as the digital director for the war room on Tuesday.  The DNC’s interim Chairwoman Donna Brazile  —   who has been riddled with controversy  —   says the focus of the new staff will be to “support an independent and bipartisan congressional investigation of Russia’s unprecedented interference in the 2016 election,” which they blame for Clinton’s loss. However, the Russian hacking narrative is quickly dismantling with little evidence to back the Democrats’ suggestion that Russia interfered with the election to cause Clinton’s stunning loss. Brazile also reportedly says the focus of the new “war room” will be to “take on the incoming Trump administration, and protect President Obama’s legacy” in addition to fighting the GOP’s attempts to repeal Obamacare and making extra efforts to find dirt on Trump’s “egregious and unethical   as well as his appointment of nominees whose extreme policies would actively undermine the missions that their respective agencies are responsible for pursuing. ” Incoming Senate minority leader Chuck Schumer ( ) has indicated that he and his fellow Democratic senators will aggressively target eight of Trump’s “rigged Cabinet” picks. The Hill notes that despite the fact that some liberals are pushing for a complete overhaul of the DNC, and have expressed skepticism over bringing on former Clinton staffers, Brazile insists time is of the essence and that waiting until late February will be too late for her party to put their planned assault against Trump into place. “In this critical lead up to the election of our next chair, the DNC will be leveraging our resources, our unparalleled research operation, and our experienced team to assist with an independent and bipartisan Congressional investigation of Russia’s interference in the election, hold Donald Trump’s feet to the fire as he forms his new government, and lead the charge in defending the achievements made under the Obama administration,” Brazile reportedly said in a statement. Brazile has remained interim DNC head even after Wikileaks exposed an email revealing she fed questions to Clinton‘s aides ahead of a CNN town hall debate against Bernie Sanders. With the race for DNC chair heating up, there’s even more controversy, as progressives  —   who support Rep. Keith Ellison ( )  —   are in a fight against more centrist Democrats who are reportedly supporting President Barack Obama’s Labor secretary, Tom Perez. Ellison, a progressive Democrat and the first Muslim elected to Congress, announced his candidacy in November. The former Nation of Islam member and alleged   has faced a slew of criticism  —   including from the   League  —   after audio surfaced from 2010 in which the   congressman said that Israel controlled the U. S. government. During a December appearance on MSNBC, Former Vermont Gov. Howard Dean said he does not support Ellison for DNC chair. Follow Adelle Nazarian on Twitter and Periscope @AdelleNaz"
"An Italian archbishop close to Pope Benedict XVI has claimed that the Obama administration may have been complicit in the “tremendous pressures” that led the former pope to resign in 2013. [It is “no coincidence” that some Catholic groups “have asked President Trump to open a commission of inquiry to investigate whether the administration of Barack Obama exerted pressure on Benedict,” said Archbishop Luigi Negri in an interview Monday, citing other revelations by Wikileaks regarding efforts by the Democratic Party to sway the direction of the Catholic Church in the United States.  “It remains shrouded in mystery for now,” he said to news outlet Rimini 2. 0, “but I am sure that those responsible will be found out. ” The archbishop was making reference to a letter written by a group of American Catholics to President Trump last January requesting that the administration conduct an investigation into a possible    conspiracy behind the resignation of Pope Benedict. The letter stated specifically that “we have reason to believe that a Vatican ‘regime change’ was engineered by the Obama administration. ” Approximately a year after an   conversation released by Wikileaks, the authors contended, “we find that Pope Benedict XVI abdicated under highly unusual circumstances and was replaced by a pope whose apparent mission is to provide a spiritual component to the radical ideological agenda of the international left. ” In startling revelations last October, Clinton campaign chief John Podesta was found to have created phony “Catholic” organizations in order to use Church leaders to push a liberal agenda in congress and to promote the agenda of the Democratic Party. In the midst of the hundreds of John Podesta’s emails released by Wikileaks, one contained a report by Catholics in Alliance for the Common Good, a faux Catholic association founded by Podesta to provoke a revolution in the Catholic Church. The executive director of the organization, Christopher J. Hale, referred to the group’s “grueling preparation for Pope Francis’s apostolic trip to the US. ” Along with efforts to infiltrate the Church hierarchy, the organization’s collusion with the Obama administration was also made apparent in Hale’s report. “I spoke to the White House yesterday and they assure us the media’s moniker calling us ‘God Squad’ isn’t just sweet nothings, but actually a fair assessment of the substantial difference we’re making in this conversation,” he wrote. Philadelphia Archbishop Charles Chaput described a meeting with two members of the other “Catholic” organization that Podesta claims to have founded —  Catholics United. In a published essay, the archbishop depicted a methodology eerily similar to that employed by Catholics in Alliance. Chaput said that the two men were “obvious flacks for the Obama campaign and the Democratic Party —  creatures of a political machine, not men of the Church,” who showed remarkable “talents of servile partisan hustling. ” In a separate statement, the head of the U. S. Bishops Conference, Archbishop Joseph E. Kurtz, issued an indictment of the Clinton team, calling them out for interfering in the Church’s   for “  political gain. ” Kurtz suggested that Podesta’s actions in creating “Catholic” lobby groups for the Democratic Party constituted a breach of religious freedom, “one of the founding principles of our republic,” which ensures the right of faith communities to “preserve the integrity of their beliefs and proper  . ” In his interview Monday, Archbishop Negri said he has visited Pope Benedict “several times” since the pontiff’s resignation in 2013. Negri resigned last month as archbishop of   a post assigned him by Pope Benedict, upon reaching the mandatory retirement age of 75. Archbishop Negri did not lay all the blame for Benedict’s resignation on the Obama administration, but said he was “certain that the truth will emerge one day showing grave liability both inside and outside the Vatican. ” In the interview, Negri was also critical of Pope Francis for failing to answer the dubia —  or “questions” —  made by four Cardinals regarding certain teachings in the Pope’s letter Amoris Laetitia (The Joy of Love) that seem unclear to many in the Church. “Amoris Laetitia needs clarification, unfortunately, the current leader of the Church still remains silent,” he said. “I think that the Holy Father should respond, although he seems to have decided to the contrary. ” Follow Thomas D. Williams on Twitter  Follow @tdwilliamsrome"
"Comedian Lavell Crawford has found himself in hot water with the LGBT community after an interview in which he said he feared backlash from the “gay mafia” for performing gay jokes and also said gay men should “try p*ssy” first. [“I touch on gay stuff [in my comedy] but I touch on it the way you’re supposed to touch on it,” Crawford said in an interview with Vlad TV. “I don’t look at it as ‘gay people,’ I look at it as ‘people having feelings. ’”  “I mean, no matter how much they get accepted, it’s still f*cking weird,” the Breaking Bad actor continued. “Now they’re trying to get their own bathrooms and sh*t, and I’m like, it’s still not the norm, you know? I’m from a religious background, you know, and in church you just don’t feel it. But I don’t have nothing against gay people because, strange enough, my father’s gay. ” Crawford explained that his   jokes come from his experience having a gay father, but said he still fears performing the material due to potential backlash from what he called the “gay mafia. ” The comedian even offered up a disclaimer in the interview, saying he knew what he was saying was going to be controversial.  Crawford added that he doesn’t think cartoons and other entertainment aimed at children are the proper venues for the promotion of   material. “Honestly, I don’t think cartoons is the f *cking venue for homosexuality. It’s just for enjoyment or learning things  …     Because they’re trying to put in your kids’ mind, ‘Oh, I’m born gay.’ The jury’s still f*cking out on that,” the comedian said. Crawford also said that parents need to teach their children “to be men and women before we try and put a moniker of gay and lesbian” on them. “Okay, you’re gay. At 25, I think you can be gay. If you decide you want to be gay at 25, that’s fine,” he said. “But try p*ssy for the first years. Try p*ssy out. Young lady, try a d*ck out. You’re gonna find a good d*ck out there. ” Crawford was quickly criticized by LGBT publications including the Washington Blade and Gay Star News, which called his comments “shockingly ignorant and offensive. ” The comedian also took heat from upset Twitter users. That awkward moment when @Lavellthacomic says ignorant shit about LGBT people while wearing a tee with a pansexual superhero on it  …     🏽‍♂️ https:  .   —   RJ Aguiar (@rj4gui4r) April 19, 2017,  @Lavellthacomic You continue to show your ignorance. You should own you are wrong  quit deflecting your bias   bigotry on others. https:  .   —   I know there is a 🌈 (@rainbowz_end) April 20, 2017,  Crawford issued a statement on his own Twitter account Wednesday apologizing for his comments but maintaining that he respects all people regardless of sexual orientation. “To the Gay Community I want to apologize for my choice of words if it offended anyone,” he wrote. “I apologize not that I’m afraid but because I am man and a man of God and it’s not my job to hurt or condemn but to entertain and inform my way [sic]. ” “But if you watch the video (vladtv) without judgment and not so quick to be offended you will see I respect everybody and it’s none of my business what you do in your private lives so I apologize not to save face or out fear but it’s right thing to do [sic],” he added. Watch the video of Crawford’s interview above.   Follow Daniel Nussbaum on Twitter: @dznussbaum"
"NEW YORK  —   On her newly launched NBC program Sunday Night With Megyn Kelly, the former Fox News anchor featured an exclusive interview with Vladimir Putin in which she espoused multiple conspiracy theories in her questions to the Russian leader. [Here are four wild conspiracies contained in Kelly’s queries, presented below in the order in which the questions were asked:  1  —   Kelly stated inaccurately that 17 intelligence agencies concluded that Russia interfered in the 2016 presidential election. She said, “President Putin, you have repeatedly and passionately denied that Russia was behind the interference with our American presidential election. But as you know, the consensus view in the United States is that you did. That’s what the 17 intelligence agencies concluded. ” The major   talking point that 17 federal intelligence agencies concluded Russia interfered in the election has been around since at least last October, when Hillary Clinton stated the following at the third presidential debate: “We have 17, 17 intelligence agencies, civilian and military, who have all concluded that these espionage attacks, these   come from the highest levels of the Kremlin. And they are designed to influence our election. I find that deeply disturbing. ” However, James Clapper, former director of national intelligence, twice affirmed in his May testimony before the Senate Judiciary Subcommittee that the intelligence community’s assessments regarding alleged Russian interference were not the product of all 17 agencies but only three  —   the Central Intelligence Agency (CIA) the Federal Bureau of Investigation (FBI) and the National Security Agency (NSA).  The U. S. intelligence community report is titled, “Background to ‘Assessing Russian Activities and Intentions in Recent US Elections’: The Analytic Process and Cyber Incident Attribution. ” The report itself makes clear it is a product of three intelligence agencies and not 17. The opening states: “This report includes an analytic assessment drafted and coordinated among the Central Intelligence Agency (CIA) the Federal Bureau of Investigation (FBI) and the National Security Agency (NSA) which draws on intelligence information collected and disseminated by those three agencies. ” 2  —   Kelly repeated unsubstantiated, anonymously sourced news media claims that Trump’s    and senior adviser Jared Kushner discussed the establishment of a secret   with the Russians. “Among those under scrutiny is the President’s    Jared Kushner,” Kelly told the audience. “At a meeting with Russia’s Ambassador last December, he reportedly tried to establish a secret communications channel with the Russian government. ” “This is a proposal, a proposal by Mr. Kushner,” Kelly then stated to Putin, in what seemed to be more of a declaration than a question. Indeed, a transcript provided by NBC has the sentence ending with a period and not a question mark. On May 26, one day before Trump returned from his first international trip, the Washington Post dropped an anonymously sourced story that Kushner and Russia’s Washington envoy discussed the possibility of establishing a “secret and secure communications channel” between Trump’s transition team and the Kremlin. The Post cited alleged communications from Russian Ambassador Sergei Kislyak to Moscow reportedly intercepted by U. S. intelligence officials.  Kelly didn’t point out that Russian diplomats are known to deliberately place misinformation in communications they believe are being monitored, a tidbit noted in the Post article, allowing for the possibility that Kushner never actually asked for a back channel.  Kelly further failed to mention that her previous employer, Fox News, quoted a source saying it was the Russians  —   and not Kushner  —   who broached the concept of creating a secure line for back channel communications.   Staunch Trump critic Sen. Lindsey Graham ( . C) stated of the Post article on Kushner: “I don’t trust this story as far as I can throw it. ”  3  4  —   Kelly lumped two conspiracy theories into one question to Putin: Kelly asked: There have been questions in America about Donald Trump’s finances. He hasn’t released his tax returns. There have been questions about this secret Russian dossier, which he says is fake, but which purports to have blackmail information in it generated by the Russians. There have been questions about the communications between the Kremlin and the Trump campaign, all of which has Americans asking, “Do you have something damaging on our president?” Regarding Trump’s finances and the conspiracy theory that the Russians possess blackmail information on Trump,   Director James B. Comey put those charges to rest during an exchange at last month’s Senate Judiciary Committee hearing on FBI oversight. Comey confirmed that the basis for the intelligence community’s assessment that Russia’s Putin allegedly wanted Trump in office was not because the billionaire was, as Sen. Al Franken claimed without citing any evidence, “ensnared in” Russia’s “web of patronage. ” Instead, the FBI chief provided two primary reasons for Russia allegedly favoring Trump over Clinton during the 2016 presidential race. One reason, according to Comey, was that Putin “hated” Clinton and would have favored any Republican opponent. The second reason, Comey explained, was that Putin made an assessment that it would be easier to make a deal with a businessman than someone from the political class. Not satisfied with Comey’s response, Franken further probed whether the intelligence community believed Russia wanted Trump in office because of Trump’s business interests, claiming that Trump “had already been ensnared in their web of patronage. ” Franken asked: OK, well, I’m curious about just how closely Russia followed the Kremlin playbook when it meld (ph) in our democracy, specifically whether the Russians had a preference for President Trump because he had already been ensnared in their web of patronage  —   web of patronage is a quote from the report. Is it possible that in the Russians’ views  —   view Trump’s business interests would make him more amenable to cooperating with them, quote, more disposed to deal with Russia as the I. C. report says? Comey replied, “That was not the basis for the I. C.’s assessment. ” Perhaps tellingly, in testimony before the House Intelligence Committee last month, former CIA Director John Brennan refused to answer a question in an unclassified setting about whether the Russians possess damaging information on Hillary Clinton that was not revealed during the 2016 presidential campaign. Secondly, Kelly promoted the controversial, partially debunked   dossier on Trump compiled by a former British intelligence officer. When she stated that the dossier “purports to have blackmail information in it generated by the Russians,” Kelly seems to be referring to the dossier’s wild and unproven claims that the Russians had information on Trump and sordid sexual acts, including the mocked claim that Trump hired prostitutes and had them urinate on a hotel room bed. Kelly misleadingly frames the dossier thusly: “There have been questions about this secret Russian dossier, which he says is fake. ” She is indicating that it is Trump who primarily deems the dossier to be fake. The document was authored by former intelligence agent Christopher Steele, who was reportedly paid by Democrats and   Republicans to investigate Trump, raising questions about his partiality. Last month, Steele conceded in court documents that part of his work still needed to be verified. Citing current and former government officials, the New Yorker reported the dossier prompted skepticism in the intelligence community, with the publication quoting one member as saying it was a “nutty” piece of evidence to submit to a U. S. president. Steele’s work has been questioned by former acting CIA director Morell, who currently works at the Hillary   Beacon Global Strategies LLC. Beacon was founded by Phillippe Reines, who served as Communications Adviser to Hillary Clinton while she was secretary of state. From   Reines also served in Clinton’s State Department as the Deputy Assistant Secretary of State for Strategic Communications. Reines is the managing director of Beacon. Aaron Klein is Breitbart’s Jerusalem bureau chief and senior investigative reporter. He is a New York Times bestselling author and hosts the popular weekend talk radio program, “Aaron Klein Investigative Radio. ” Follow him on Twitter @AaronKleinShow. Follow him on Facebook. With research by Joshua Klein. "
"A      of 13 graduated with a bachelor’s degree in computer science after she completed an online degree program. [Lucy Capers, 79, was awarded a Bachelor of Science in Computer Studies from the University of Maryland University College after she enrolled in the college’s online program five years ago, the Daily Mail reported.  Capers, who grew up poor in Alabama when the state was segregated and educational opportunities were limited, said she decided to pursue a higher education after she retired. She wanted to satisfy her thirst for knowledge and serve as a role model to her grandchildren. “I always had a desire to know things,” Capers told WJLA, adding that she studied for herself and to inspire her family. “Maybe if I finish this will be more amazing to them. You know, and they would say, ‘If Grandma could do it, we could do it! ’” Capers settled in Maryland, where she married at the age of 18, worked for the federal government, and raised three children before she began college. At first, she earned two associate’s degrees from Prince George’s Community College but then decided five years ago that she wanted to continue her education. She enrolled in the University of Maryland University College’s online program. She is the second member of her family to graduate from college. Capers is not the only member of her family to pursue a higher education later in life, however. Her sister, Linda Minger, graduated with a master’s degree when she was 49. “Anyone can accomplish anything if they put the work into it. It doesn’t matter whether you do it in two years or 10, as long as you work towards it,” Minger said. Several other senior citizens have received bachelor’s degrees late in life in 2017. An    woman from Connecticut graduated with a bachelor’s degree from Post University on May 13 after she enrolled in an online program at 80 years old. Another senior citizen, an    man from Georgia, graduated from Shorter University with a bachelor’s degree in Christian studies and a minor in liberal arts on May 5 —  58 years after he first enrolled at the college."
"Popular venture capitalist and Google China Founder   Lee claimed that artificial intelligence “will probably replace 50 percent of human jobs,” during an interview with CNBC. [“Traditional companies are really slow. The banks, insurance companies, the hospitals, they really don’t understand how A. I. is already shaping the world, and they don’t understand that they possess something that’s really the biggest treasure  …     data,” explained Lee to CNBC. “So I expect the entrepreneurial section to continue to outgrow, and in many places displace and wipe out the traditional companies in China. ”  “A. I. is the singular thing that will be bigger than all tech revolutions added together, including electricity, the industrial revolution, internet, mobile internet, because A. I. is pervasive,” he continued. “It is a decision engine that will replace people. Not    but one with many. A. I. capabilities are way higher than people. ” Lee added that “The companies we invested in, one company can recognize three million faces simultaneously. No one can do that. One company can give out loans in eight seconds to any person who wants it. ” “These are things that are super human, and we think this will be in every industry and will probably replace 50 percent of human jobs, create a huge amount of wealth for mankind, and wipe out poverty,” concluded the venture capitalist. Artificial intelligence wont be able to take over every job, however. “Massive displacement of people, 50 percent of all jobs in 10 years, can only largely be replaced with service type of jobs,” Lee declared. “Service like tourist guide, masseuse, also craftsmen, artists, and also    connection, how they heal all the souls who feel they no longer have a way towards  . ” “Connecting to hospitals, orphanages, I think we need to change people’s thinking that service is a   job, and that we need to do what the machines are not good at,” continued. “Touching ones heart with your heart is something that machines, I believe, will never be good at. ” In an interview with Breitbart Tech last year, futurologist Dr. Ian Pearson disagreed, predicting that mankind would soon develop emotional bonds with artificial intelligence, even adding that sexual relationships with house robots could become commonplace. “Artificial intelligence is reaching human levels and also becoming emotional as well,” Dr. Pearson claimed. “So people will actually have quite strong emotional relationships with their own robots. In many cases that will develop into a sexual one because they’ll already think that the appearance of the robot matches their preference anyway, so if it looks nice and it has a superb personality too it’s inevitable that people will form very strong emotional bonds with their robots and in many cases that will lead to sex. ” Charlie Nash is a reporter for Breitbart Tech. You can follow him on Twitter @MrNashington or like his page at Facebook."
"The Trump administration’s proposed border wall is expected to be as tall as 30 feet and no shorter than 18 feet to deter potential illegal immigrants, Homeland Security officials said Friday. [U. S. Customs and Border Protection (CBP) has started the process of requesting bids from various companies that would include design proposals and prototypes of President Trump’s proposed barrier along the U. S.  border, the Washington Times reported.  The agency has released two proposals for contractors who want to submit a bid: a solid, concrete wall and a wall with “a    . ” “The wall design shall be physically imposing in height,” CBP officials said in contracting documents. The agency said the goal is to have a   wall, but it will accept proposals as low as 18 feet. They also said the wall must be at least six feet underground to prevent anyone from tunneling underneath it and high enough that no one can climb the wall without a ladder, NPR reports. It should take at least an hour, and ideally more than four hours, to make a hole in the wall so agents can stop anyone attempting to break it down. The government outlines that the wall must be able to withstand a “sledgehammer, car jack, pick axe, chisel, battery operated impact tools, battery operated cutting tools,   torch or other similar   tools. ” In the documents, CBP says that the side facing the U. S. must also be “aesthetically pleasing” in “color,   texture etc. to be consistent with general surrounding environment. ” There was no mention of how the Mexican side should look. About 700 companies have registered as potential vendors for the project since CBP first began weighing interest this month. Contractors have until March 29 to submit their proposals for the first phase of the project."
"Sunday on MSNBC’s “AM Joy,” actor and director Rob Reiner called Donald Trump’s White House “a cancerous presidency that we cannot allow to spread. ”  Reiner said, “What’s interesting here is that we really have a test, and we are being tested as to whether or not our democracy is going to survive. We have somebody who’s mentally unstable, who is a pathological liar. There’s no getting around that, who’s running our country. ” “And if we can survive this, that will strengthen us in a strange way,” he added. “What you’re seeing all over the country with protests, I’ve been to many of them, is nothing like what I went through in the 60’s when I protested against the Vietnam War, this is everyone. It’s not just people worried about being killed in Vietnam, this is everyone. And so we’re looking at a cancerous presidency that we cannot allow to spread. ” Follow Pam Key on Twitter @pamkeyNEN"
"ROME (AP)  —   Italy’s     Movement is broadening its reach as it eyes national office, inviting some very establishment figures to a daylong summit Saturday on technology, science, jobs and the future. [The summit, which was intentionally low on political diatribe, marked a new phase for the grassroots protest movement that has upended the Italian political scene and now leads the polls as Italy prepares for a general election later this year or next.  And it provided strong evidence that the   are attracting more than just the   backers typical of Europe’s   parties. The head of Google Italy, university professors and prominent journalists took part, though there were notable absences, including among   lawmakers and Italy’s leading astronaut, who bailed at the last minute.   founder Beppe Grillo sat in the front row of the converted Olivetti typewriter factory in Ivrea, near Turin in northern Italy, watching as a next generation of   sympathizers outlined how Italy might emerge from years of economic stagnation and rising unemployment. Recent polls have put the   ahead of the ruling Democrats with some 32 percent of the vote. The movement blends an       agenda with a   friendly “direct democracy” ethos, where members pick candidates and platforms online. It has ruled out forming a coalition government and is hoping to reach the 40 percent of the vote threshold that would give it bonus seats in parliament. The party, though, has been divided of late by scandals engulfing its Rome mayor and Grillo himself, after he voided the candidate for mayor of Genoa who was chosen online and picked someone else instead. Saturday’s summit was preceded by the debut of a key    player of the   Movement, Davide Casaleggio. He is the son of Gianroberto Casaleggio, who   the movement with Grillo and was its political guru until his death last year. Davide Casaleggio made his first   TV appearance this week and was the brainchild behind Saturday’s summit, which was billed as a memorial to his father on the anniversary of his death.  "
"Swiss financial services company Credit Suisse is warning that coffee giant Starbucks’ announcement of a plan to hire 10, 000 Muslim refugees has clearly hurt the company by negatively impacting sales and damaging the company’s brand. [“Our work shows a sudden drop in brand sentiment following announcement of the refugee hiring initiative on Jan. 29th, to flattish from a   of ~+80 (on an index of   to +100). Net sentiment has since recovered, but has seen significant volatility in recent weeks,” equity analyst Jason West said, according to CNBC.  At the end of February, it was reported that the Starbucks Coffee brand took a major hit after its Muslim “refugee” announcement made in January in response to President Donald Trump’s temporary travel moratorium. According to the survey, after the company issued its   statement, its brand name lost favor with customers. Perception levels of the Starbucks brand name fell by an incredible   since January, according to a YouGov survey, Yahoo Finance reported. Before the company’s refugees hiring announcement, 30% of respondents said they would consider spending money at Starbucks. But after the new policy was revealed, that number fell sharply to only 24 percent. The company’s announcement immediately sparked a #BoycottStarbucks movement on Twitter and brought condemnation from coast to coast. Many Americans took umbrage at the policy announcement, wondering why Starbucks is hiring refugees and slighting the hiring of Americans  —   especially U. S. military veterans. The attacks worried Starbucks enough that it felt the need to issue a second statement to explain to America’s military veterans that the company doesn’t actually hate them. Follow Warner Todd Huston on Twitter @warnerthuston or email the author at igcolonel@hotmail. com."
"Calling for harsh sanctions on European Union (EU) nations refusing to welcome migrants, UN Human Rights Council Advisor Jean Ziegler said Germany’s open borders response to the crisis set a ‘great example’. [Ziegler, who sits on the UN Human Rights Council’s Advisory Committee, argued that EU countries with restrictive policies on migrants are “violently trampling on refugees’ human rights” Der Tagesspiegel reports.  He called on the European Commission to suspend payments to countries trying to minimise the migrant influx, highlighting Hungary, Poland, Bulgaria, and Slovakia as “delinquents”. “If the EU were to suspend the solidarity payments to the Eastern European countries for 14 days the barbed wire fences, the prisons, and the terrible camps would be gone,” he told the German newspaper. The UN advisor pointed to Chancellor Merkel as the leader he believes to have done and said the right things in response to a tidal wave of migrants heading for Europe. “Germany has been exemplary on refugee issues” he said, referring to the nation’s acceptance of and massive public spending on well over a million asylum seekers   —     of whom are estimated to be illiterate. “The hospitality, even in conservative Bavaria. The support in the cities and villages, which is still ongoing. That too is great,” Ziegler added. In his interview with Tagesspiegel, published Sunday, the former UN commissioner also lashed out at President Donald J. Trump, describing his having become president of the U. S. as “a permanent nightmare”. However, Ziegler said Trump’s presidency has highlighted what he sees as positive aspects of American society. He praised “the totally spontaneous mobilisation of ‘the resistance’ and the women’s movement,” speaking of supposed grassroots movements which are reported to have close links to globalist billionaire George Soros. A survey last week showed that a large majority of young people in the Visegrad group nations, the four countries upon which the Swiss former MP demands punitive measures be imposed, are totally opposed to the idea of being forced by Brussels to take migrants. Security fears play a major role in Central and Eastern European nations’ reluctance to host migrants as their citizens have seen how crime rates have soared in places like Germany and Austria, which welcomed large influxes. Of those surveyed, the Visegrad group members had a 60 to 70 per cent agreement that migrants made their country less safe and less secure."
"Several people in Pennsylvania were charged with allegedly stealing a total of $287, 000 worth of welfare benefits in April, with some of the benefits being used to buy heroin, according to Pennsylvania’s Office of the Inspector General. [The Office of the Inspector General expects to recover a total of $287, 659 from the charges filed, mostly from food stamp fraud, Lehigh Valley Live reported.  The alleged fraudsters stole $187, 241 in Supplemental Nutrition Assistant Program benefits, $46, 494 in subsidized day care, $37, 052 in   benefits such as Medicaid, $11, 348 in monetary assistance, and $5, 523 in the Low Income Energy Assistance Program. “April’s cases range from SNAP benefits trafficking in exchange for cash to buy heroin in Williamsport to $52, 909 in combined SNAP, medical assistance and LIHEAP fraud in Warren County (Pennsylvania),” Inspector General Bruce R. Beemer said in a statement. “Our investigators are zealous in pursuing all cases, regardless of the amount, because it’s taxpayer money and stopping fraud means making those benefits available to Pennsylvanians who truly need them,” Beemer added. Seven people are facing felony charges for the alleged fraud. If convicted, they face a maximum penalty of seven years behind bars, restitution, and a $15, 000 fine. Six people are facing   misdemeanor charges, which carry penalties of up to five years in prison, restitution, and a $10, 000 fine. One person was charged with a   misdemeanor, which carries a maximum penalty of two years in prison, restitution, and a $5, 000 fine. Several states are introducing measures to combat welfare fraud by introducing work requirements to receive benefits. In Georgia, the state required all food stamp recipients to work, receive job training, or volunteer for a   charity for at least 20 hours a week.   percent of people dropped off the food stamp rolls as a result. After Alabama had reinstated work requirements to receive benefits such as food stamps, the state found an 85 percent reduction in the number of people enrolled in the food stamp program."
"LOS ANGELES (AP)  —   An actor who played a police officer on the TV show “The Shield” was sentenced Friday to 40 years to life in prison after tearfully apologizing for fatally shooting his wife but still insisting he didn’t mean to kill her. [Michael Jace, 53, was sentenced by a judge in Los Angeles after a jury convicted him last week of   murder in the death of April Jace.  “There is absolutely no justification for my actions on that night,” Jace told his wife’s family members in court. “I am profoundly sorry for the pain that I’ve caused everyone. ” He said it was important that her family know that he didn’t commit   murder. “There was no premeditated anything,” he said. April Jace’s mother, Kay Henry, angrily shook her head and walked out of the courtroom in the middle of his comments. Henry addressed the court before Jace did, weeping as she talked about her daughter, saying the night she was killed, “we both died. ” “My first thought on my mind most mornings is, `Your daughter has been murdered.’ Then I wonder about how I’ll do today without her,” she said. “I think about how my grandsons will navigate their teen years   …     Will they remember their mother and how much she loved them?” Soon after the attack in May 2014, Jace told detectives that he had retrieved the gun to kill himself but couldn’t go through with it. Instead, he planned to shoot his wife, an avid runner, in the leg so she would feel pain, Jace said in a recorded interview. Jace did not testify during his trial. His attorney, Jamon Hicks, told jurors that Jace “snapped” and shot his wife in the heat of passion. Prosecutor Tannaz Mokayef told jurors that Jace fired a revolver that required him to pull a heavy trigger several times. “I don’t know how you can shoot somebody three times and call it an accident,” she said. She cited testimony from the couple’s young son, who told jurors that he heard his father say, “`If you like running, then run to heaven,”‘ before firing the second time. “Who is going to argue that this was not an intent to kill?” Mokayef said. “Where else is heaven?” Mokayef said the actor was upset that his wife wanted a divorce and believed she was having an affair, although no evidence was presented during the trial that she was cheating. She said he taunted her after first shooting her in the back, and then shot her in the legs. Mokayek said his sentence was appropriate. “And he’s right,” she added. “There is no justification for what he did. ” Jace’s attorney did not respond to a request for comment after the sentencing hearing. April Jace, 40, was a financial aid counselor at Biola University. She was married to Michael Jace for nine years and they had two sons, who were 8 and 5 at the time of her death. Michael Jace had small roles in films such as “Planet of the Apes,” `’Boogie Nights” and “Forrest Gump. ”"
"Donald Trump, the presumptive Republican nominee for president of the United States, tells Breitbart News he plans to continue the rich GOP tradition of standing up for women’s and civil rights in the face of opposition from Democrats.   He also says he plans to help the Republican Party, which led the way on ending slavery, the Civil Rights movement and women’s suffrage and women’s rights —  among other big picture moral leadership causes in American history —  take more credit for its victories for women’s and civil rights while fighting Democrats who opposed those measures. “You’re right —  100 percent,” Trump told Breitbart News when asked about how the Republican Party led the way on ending slavery, the Civil Rights movement and women’s suffrage. On Tuesday night, when now presumptive Democratic nominee Hillary Clinton assumed the leadership of that party, she whitewashed the Democratic Party’s history of racism, sexism, support for slavery and long history of standing against civil rights for all in America. In fact, as the first woman to win the presidential nomination of a major political party in America, Clinton attempted to align herself with the Seneca Falls convention of 1848, the first ever women’s rights convention organized in large part by Elizabeth Cady Stanton. “Tonight’s victory is not about one person,” Clinton said in her speech accepting her role as the Democratic Party’s presumptive presidential nominee.  It belongs to generations of women and men who struggled and sacrificed and made this moment possible. In our country, it started right here in New York, a place called Seneca Falls, in 1848. When a small but determined group of women, and men, came together with the idea that women deserved equal rights, and they set it forth in something called the Declaration of Sentiments, and it was the first time in human history that that kind of declaration occurred. Clinton did not mention Cady Stanton, or the fact that the women’s rights leader went on to become one of the nation’s first Republicans. In fact, Stanton’s husband Henry Brewster Stanton —  a journalist and a New York State senator —  was one of the nation’s leading voices for the abolition of slavery and helped found the Republican Party in New York back in 1856. Later in the speech, Clinton took a shot at Trump, arguing that he wanted to send America backward —  that his trademark campaign phrase “Make America Great Again” was code for taking the country back before all people had civil rights. “Donald Trump is temperamentally unfit to be president and  ” Clinton said. “And he’s not just trying to build a wall between America and Mexico  —   he’s trying to wall off Americans from each other. When he says, ‘Let’s make America great again,’ that is code for, ‘Let’s take America backwards.’ Back to a time when opportunity and dignity were reserved for some, not all, promising his supporters an economy he cannot recreate. ” Never mind the fact that her own husband, former President Bill Clinton, used the phrase “Make America Great Again” multiple times back in the 1990s —  a phrase first popularized by former President Ronald Reagan, who used the campaign slogan in his own successful 1980 White House bid —  but Clinton is forgetting the history of her own political party. Clinton’s success is built out of a Democratic Party that rose to and clutched onto power by actively suppressing equal rights of not just women, but minorities as well. Abraham Lincoln, the president who signed the Emancipation Proclamation abolishing slavery then led the country through the Civil War preserving the Union until his assassination, was a Republican. The general public often forgets how influential the Republican Party was in ending slavery —  Democrats wanted to continue slavery, while Lincoln’s Republicans wanted to end it —  and if it weren’t for the GOP, slavery would not have ended and the Union itself may have fallen apart. “Some may not realize that the modern Republican Party owes its origin to the fight over slavery nearly two centuries ago,” CNN’s Tom Foreman wrote back in 2012.  In the tumultuous   right before the Civil War, some political activists were concerned about keeping slavery from spreading into new western territories, and they saw no way to stop it through existing political powers: the Democrats and the Whigs (the   party of the mid 1800s that largely destroyed itself in the 1852 elections in a battle over slavery). So they formed a new party, taking the name ‘Republicans’ in a salute to earlier American politicians. As Republicans led the battle against slavery, in 1861 the party’s first U. S. president —  Abraham Lincoln —  was elected. “Soon after, slavery fell,” Foreman wrote.  The Whig party disappeared. And the Republicans began a long steady rise in power. Even back then, the party liked to talk about fiscal responsibility  —   immigration, religion  —   and the need for a strong business climate. All of this spurred a sympathetic Chicago newspaper to call the Republicans the Grand Old Party, or the GOP. Republicans have led the way on every major civil rights movement in American history —  ending slavery was hardly the only one. What is now the Party of Trump also led the way in granting women the right to vote. Elizabeth Cady Stanton, a leader in the women’s rights movement in the 19th Century, was a Republican, as was Susan B. Anthony. So were many of the others involved in the effort. In fact, it was Republicans who led the effort for decades that eventually saw passage of the 19th Amendment to the U. S. Constitution —  which granted women the right vote. “Most educated Americans vaguely remember that the amendment granting women the right to vote was passed by Congress in 1919 and ratified by the states in 1920,” the American Spectator’s David Catron wrote back in 2012.  But the number of people who know anything about the   legislative war that preceded that victory is smaller than the audience of MSNBC. That war began in 1878, when a California Republican named A. A. Sargent introduced the 19th Amendment only to see it voted down by a   Congress. It finally ended four decades later, when the Republicans won landslide victories in the House and the Senate, giving them the power to pass the amendment despite continued opposition from most elected Democrats  —   including President Woodrow Wilson, to whom the suffragettes frequently referred as “Kaiser Wilson. ” Catron continued by noting that Republicans in Utah —  Mormons —  granted women the right to vote back in 1870. Then, for years afterwards, Republicans —  facing objections from Democrats —  over and over again introduced the 19th Amendment for ratification in Congress. Meanwhile, Republican states granted women the right to vote in many other places.  “Meanwhile, the Republicans continued to introduce the 19th Amendment in Congress every year, but the Democrats were able to keep it bottled up in various committees for another decade before allowing either chamber to vote on it,” Catron wrote.  In 1887 it finally reached the floor of the Senate. Once again, however, it was defeated by a vote of 34 to 16. After this setback, advocates of women’s suffrage opted to put pressure on Congress by convincing various state legislatures to pass bills giving women the vote. This met with some success. By the turn of the century a variety of   states, including Wyoming, Colorado, and Idaho, had granted women suffrage. During the first ten years of the new century, several other states gave women the vote, including Washington and California. Eventually, Democrats relented and Republicans succeeded in granting women’s suffrage nationally. “Congress, however, didn’t deign to vote on the issue again until 1914, when it was once again defeated by Senate Democrats,” Catron added.  It was subsequently brought up for a vote in January of 1915 in the House, where it went down by a vote of 204 to 174. Nonetheless, the Republicans continued to push even after it was defeated yet again in early 1918. The big break for 19th Amendment came when President Wilson, a true Democrat, violated his most solemn campaign promise. Having pledged to keep the United States out of the European conflict that had been raging since 1914, he decided to enter the war anyway. This set the stage for the 1918 midterm elections in which voter outrage swept the Republicans into power in both the House and the Senate. This finally placed the GOP in a position to pass the amendment despite Democrat opposition. Later in the 20th Century of course, during the Civil Rights Movement, Democrats again stood against equal rights for all Americans regardless of race or gender. Writing in the Guardian of the landmark 1964 Civil Rights Act back in 2013, Harry Enten detailed how the Democratic Party opposed civil rights efforts while Republicans backed them. “80% of Republicans in the House and Senate voted for the bill. Less than 70% of Democrats did,” Enten wrote. “Indeed, Minority Leader Republican Everett Dirksen led the fight to end the filibuster. Meanwhile, Democrats such as Richard Russell of Georgia and Strom Thurmond of South Carolina tried as hard as they could to sustain a filibuster. ” In fact, a PBS special on “The Rise and Fall of Jim Crow” detailed how systemic racism was embedded into the very fabric of what has now become Hillary Clinton’s Democratic Party. “The Democratic Party identified itself as the ‘white man’s party’ and demonized the Republican Party as being ‘Negro dominated,’ even though whites were in control,” the PBS special writes on its website of the   War Democrats. “Determined to   the South, Southern Democrats ‘redeemed’ state after state  —   sometimes peacefully, other times by fraud and violence. By 1877, when Reconstruction was officially over, the Democratic Party controlled every Southern state. ” The PBS special goes on even further to detail how even Northern Democrats tolerated the overt discrimination and racism from their Southern brethren so as to keep their coalition of power together. “The South remained a   region until the Civil Rights movement began in the 1960s. Northern Democrats, most of whom had prejudicial attitudes towards blacks, offered no challenge to the discriminatory policies of the Southern Democrats,” PBS writes. A deeper more than   report from the American Civil Rights Union (ACRU) —  called “The Truth About Jim Crow” —  details how the Democratic Party was integral to the development of such laws. “Jim Crow’s political purpose was to keep the white population in power, and the Democratic Party thought of itself as the white man’s party,” one part of the more than    section on how the Democratic Party pushed Jim Crow laws reads. “A chronological look at the Jim Crow era will illustrate how Democrats created and exploited Jim Crow. ” The report goes on to detail how it was Republicans who ended Jim Crow laws. Trump, in his latest exclusive interview with Breitbart News, said that Clinton’s rewriting of her Democratic Party’s sordid history on these important narratives is more proof that she is just playing the woman card and the race card for pure political gain —  and in opposition of the facts. He also believes that Republicans need to do more to take credit for the party’s leading role in the women’s rights, Civil Rights and slavery abolition movements —  all movements the Democrats, the party of Clinton, originally fought against intensely. “The Democrats have always played that card,” Trump said. “The Republicans have not taken enough credit for what’s taken place. They’ve never taken enough credit for what’s taken place. ” Trump told Breitbart News that he plans to win support across the country despite anyone’s particular race, and aims to seek support from Hispanics and African Americans and white voters alike —  and men and women —  using the same message delivered to each of them the same way, equally: Jobs and economic opportunity for all. Meanwhile, Clinton, of course, is going to use these race and gender issues to divide Americans into separate classes based on gender and skin color. “I plan to help Hispanics and African Americans because I’m going to bring jobs back to the country,” Trump said.  She doesn’t know how. I’m going to rebuild the infrastructure of the country, she wouldn’t know where to start. That’s why a lot of the unions, the head people, they routinely endorse the Democrats. Routinely. And they’re having a hard time. Because while they’re dying to endorse the Democrats because that’s where their head people have their lunch and dinner, their membership wants to endorse Trump. Look at the Teamsters. The people within the Teamsters want Trump. They haven’t endorsed yet, and the reason they haven’t endorsed yet is because everybody in the Teamsters wants Trump. The reason they want Trump is because I’m going to rebuild the infrastructure of the country and that’s good for them. It appeals across the lines to people that have small businesses and contracting companies that are not unionized. When asked about how —  when those   leaders in the African American and Hispanic communities will certainly further the Democratic Party’s agenda and undermine the GOP’s efforts, facts be damned —  he plans to get his message out to the actual voters, Trump said it is simple. “I think that’s been my whole message up to this point,” Trump said. “I’m going to continue to hit it very hard. But I think it’s been very much my own message up to this point, jobs, good trade deals. Last night I talked about it. Great trade deals. ” There are some early signs that Trump —  using his unique style of mixing interesting campaigning with his celebrity appeal —  might be able to cut through the clutter and reach voters in African American and Hispanic communities that have for years now been outside the GOP’s grasp, despite the Democratic Party’s dark history on civil and women’s rights matters. As noted by Fox News Latino, Trump’s support among Hispanics is spiking fast according to new data from analytics firm CulturIntel. In fact, he is almost equal with Clinton. “Based on big data analysis over the last 30 days as of June 1st, Trump reports 37 percent of Hispanic positive sentiment versus 41 percent for Clinton,” CulturIntel writes in the report. “Surprisingly, the candidates tie in negative sentiment across Hispanics at 38 percent discounting the fact that Latinos default as Democrats or are completely turned off by Trump’s   comments. After all, over 50 percent of Latinos identify as political independents. ” Meanwhile, as Gateway Pundit notes in a new report as well based off this and other data, Trump could be on par to win 25 percent of the black vote. It would, the report detailed, lead to a landslide victory for Trump in November. It would also be the first time since 1960, when Richard Nixon failed to beat John F. Kennedy for the presidency before coming back eight years later to win in 1968, that a Republican won such a big percentage of the   vote. With black unemployment rates double what they are for whites, according to the latest data from the Bureau of Labor Statistics, if Trump hammers his jobs message —  and corrects the record on Democrats versus Republicans when it comes to civil rights —  maybe he could cut into a significant portion of the black electorate. On top of all of this, as Breitbart News previously reported in an earlier part of this interview, Trump is also zoning in one place where failed 2012 GOP presidential former Massachusetts Gov. Mitt Romney did not succeed: proving to voters he cares about them.  He said in this interview that he believes that to run the country, a president must “manage with heart” —  a sign that he is appealing to the significant portion of the electorate that looks for a president who cares about people like them, qualifications be damned.  While Trump paints Clinton as “Heartless Hillary,” his second nickname for who he also calls “Crooked Hillary,” he could be growing the GOP tent and expanding the electorate based off key analytics that establishment Republicans in Washington, D. C. hellbent on amnesty for illegal aliens and jailbreak style “criminal justice reform” crime bills have completely missed."
"The Defense Department said a Russian   performed a “barrel roll” on top of a U. S. Air Force  . [“The   intercepted the U. S. aircraft flying a routine route at high rate of speed from the side then proceeded to perform an aggressive maneuver that posed a threat to the safety of the U. S. aircrew in the ” explained Lt. Col. Michelle L. Baldanza, a U. S. Army spokesperson.  Another official said the U. S. will “voice its concerns to the Russians” over the “unsafe aerial maneuver. ” “This unsafe and unprofessional air intercept has the potential to cause serious harm and injury to all aircrews involved. More importantly, the unsafe and unprofessional actions of a single pilot have the potential to unnecessarily escalate tensions between countries,” continued Baldanza. Russians executed a barrel roll only a few weeks ago near another U. S. plane. The U. S. Europe Command said the Russian   started the roll “from the left side of the U. S.   and went over the top of it to end on the right side of the aircraft. ” Then another Russian plane “flew dangerously close to the USS Donald Cook and another   in the same area. ” Last October, the planes “flew near the USS Ronald Reagan aircraft carrier in the Sea of Japan. ”"
From the Daily Mail:  
"Sunday on NBC’s “Meet the Press,” while discussing Sen. Marco Rubio ( ) performance at Saturday’s ABC News Republican presidential debate in which he repeated several times that President Barack Obama’s policies are no accident but instead he knows exactly what he is doing, MSNBC’s “Hardball” host Chris Matthews called it “strange” and said it was “not a human response. ”  Matthews said, “That was numerable times, it reminded me of the science fiction film ‘Blade Runner’ where someone in this case Chris Christie proved out there was a replica instead of not a human being. It was strange because he was reading these prerecorded statements which are like implanted memory tracks. They were not a human response. And I think he’s got no answer for it. And I think it was so strange I have no idea why he did it. ” Follow Pam Key on Twitter @pamkeyNEN"
"The year 2015 will go down in memory as a period of unprecedented Christian persecution throughout the world, resulting in thousands of deaths along with continuous targeted acts of violence and terror. [In October, a mob of 700, instigated by the Islamic Defenders Front, marched on government offices in Aceh Singkil, Indonesia, and from there went on to torch the Indonesian Christian Church.  The mob later circulated a message that read: “We will not stop hunting Christians and burning churches. Christians are Allah’s enemies!” This act was just one among many but is emblematic in the clarity of its stated motivation and determination. Taking only the specifically targeted acts of terrorism on Christians by religious Muslims during 2015, not including the countless acts of war, combat, or insurgency, the numbers are staggering. A partial list of attacks on Christian civilians who were singled out solely on account of their faith reveals 95 distinct assaults during the course of the year, resulting in 881 deaths and 990 injuries. Some of these received a fair amount of media attention, such as the videotaped Valentine’s Day slaughter in Libya of   Coptic Christians who were abducted by Islamists, forced to their knees, and then beheaded. Another was the wholesale massacre of 148 Christians in cold blood by a handful of devout Muslims at a Christian college in Garissa, Kenya, after Muslims at the school had first been separated out. Many other   terror attacks, however, received little attention, seen by many as just the cost of being a Christian in majority Muslim countries. In February, for instance, Islamic State militants took fifteen Christians hostage and later executed them in the Syrian village of   including a woman who was beheaded. In April, Muslims threw a dozen Christians to their deaths from a refugee boat crossing the Strait of Sicily from Libya. In early May, Muslim herdsmen shot seventeen Christians to death in the Nigerian village of Vat. In August, ISIS soldiers tortured and murdered 12 Christians for refusing to embrace Islam. They chopped off the fingers of a    boy, raped three women, and crucified three others outside of Aleppo. Because of such targeted persecution, reports now suggest that Christianity risks ceasing to be a truly global faith because of the exodus of believers from large swaths of the Middle East and Africa, in an attempt to escape violence. “Christians are fast disappearing from entire regions  —   most notably a huge chunk of the Middle East but also whole dioceses in Africa. In large part, this migration is the product of an ethnic cleansing motivated by religious hatred,” says the report “Persecuted and Forgotten?” published by the Christian relief group, Aid to the Church in Need (ACN). As 2016 begins, a good New Year’s resolution for the West may be to start paying attention to the plight of Christians throughout the world at the hands of radical Islam and seriously committing to taking the necessary measures to oppose it. Follow Thomas D. Williams on Twitter @tdwilliamsrome"
"The head of Microsoft’s Xbox division has apologized after the company hosted a party featuring female   dancers during the annual Game Developers Conference in San Francisco last week. [According to the Associated Press, the party featured women dressed in schoolgirl outfits they greeted guests and danced on platforms.  They were dancing on podiums. (Deleted originals to blur faces of the dancers) pic. twitter.   —   Kamina Vincent (@spamoir) March 18, 2016,  The backlash came swiftly and was apparently strong enough that Xbox head Phil Spencer sent an email to the organization’s employees, calling the hiring of the dancers an “unequivocally wrong” move that “will not be tolerated. ” The email was also posted on the company’s website. “This matter is being handled internally, but let me be very clear  —   how we represent ourselves as individuals, who we hire and partner with and how we engage with others is a direct reflection of our brand and what we stand for,” Spencer wrote. “When we do the opposite, and create an environment that alienates or offends any group, we justly deserve the criticism. ” Ironically, at least one party attendee pointed out that Microsoft had hosted a “Women in Gaming” luncheon earlier that day. The video gaming industry has struggled to overcome the perception that it excludes and stereotypes female players and game developers. Breitbart Tech has reported extensively on the issue. The BBC reports that Microsoft has hired   dancers for other parties in both 2011 and 2010."
"BATON ROUGE, Louisiana  —   The New Black Panthers arrived in Baton Rouge, Louisiana to demand reforms be made within the city’s police department, while protesting that they were “not a hate group. ”[Video footage captured at the Black Panthers’ protest outside Baton Rouge City Hall show a number of members, dressed in their usual   uniforms with bandanas covering their faces.  “We are not a hate group”   Black Panthers #AltonSterling #BatonRouge pic. twitter.   —   Andrea Gallo (@aegallo) October 12, 2016,  “We did not come here to do harm to anybody,” the leader of the group said. “But we believe in   and what does that mean?   …     That means if you attack me or you attack my people or you attack my sister or you attack my brother, that when the attack is over we’ll still be here,” the New Black Panther said. The group then began chanting “black power,” a term synonymous with the New Black Panthers. The New Black Panthers group protested outside the city council chambers while discussions took place over reforms to the Baton Rouge Police Department (BRPD) in the wake of the   shooting death of Alton Sterling, which garnered national attention. Those reforms include a task force which would be made up of community organizers and local pastors to look into recommendations for BRPD relating to race relations. The New Black Panthers are no stranger to the Baton Rouge area. Their involvement in protests following Sterling’s death led to increased   rhetoric. Following the Panther’s arrival into the city back in July during protests over Sterling’s death, a gunman aligned with the group and Black Lives Matter murdered three Baton Rouge police officers, while putting three others in critical condition. The murder of those Baton Rouge officers led to Black Lives Matter supporters celebrating their deaths on social media, as Breitbart News reported at the time. In a previous interview with Breitbart News, a leader with the New Black Panther Party, Babu Omowale, said the organization needed to establish “our own government in a nation within a nation. ” The Baton Rouge chapter of the New Black Panther Party did not respond to comment requests by Breitbart Texas. John Binder is a contributor for Breitbart Texas. Follow him on Twitter at @JxhnBinder."
"On the Fox News Channel’s Super Tuesday coverage, GOP presidential candidate Florida Senator Marco Rubio stated that fellow candidate Texas Senator Ted Cruz had a “bad night” on Super Tuesday and wondered, if Cruz “cannot sweep on Super Tuesday  …    where in this country is he going to win?” While he would win Florida and “other winner take all states. ” Rubio added that he wouldn’t get out even if he didn’t win Florida and plans to campaign in all 50 states.  Rubio said, “I think the analysis has to be   here. First of all, this is the proportional stage of the campaign. So, no one is taking home all of these delegates. Not even Ted Cruz in Texas, who, by the way, tonight was supposed to be Ted Cruz’s big night. You never heard my campaign say that we were going clean house on Super Tuesday.   …     He ended up winning his home state, and sharing delegates. And the neighboring state of Oklahoma, and sharing delegates. ” He continued, “On the other hand, you look at Virginia, a state where we were down 20 points in the polls  …    we basically fought Donald Trump to a draw, despite having to share the ballot with a number people that probably took votes away, and we’re going to leave there with as many delegates as he has. And we don’t just have a significant number of delegates there, but in multiple states. We’re also looking forward to seeing the results in Minnesota, which we think are going to be very good for us, and now the map starts to get really much better for us and we never said Super Tuesday was our night. ” He later added that the primaries in the South that have already been held are Cruz’s best part of the country, which Cruz got “wiped out” in while his campaign isn’t based on Super Tuesday being the firewall. And “Ted Cruz’s campaign was he’s going to win Iowa, South Carolina, and sweep Super Tuesday states, and that would be the end of the campaign. ” Rubio added, “[I]n these races, usually what happens is, you have a frontrunner and some point the  —   everybody comes around and says we have to rally behind the frontrunner for the good of the party. They’re saying the opposite. They’re saying we have to rally to stop Donald Trump, who’s a world class con artist, and a guy who wouldn’t even criticize the Ku Klux Klan, from being our nominee, because he’ll do tremendous damage to the conservative movement, and to the Republican Party. So, we’re going to be in this race as long as it takes to ensure that he never gets to 1, 237 delegates, and we do. ” He later said, “Look at the states that are coming up now. Those are not states where Ted Cruz is going to well, and we are. ” When asked about the polls in Florida, Rubio stated, “I don’t believe he’s [Trump’s] up by 20 points. In fact, I know he’s not. Second, I would say to you, he was up by 25 points in Virginia, and in just 5 days of pointing out to people that he’s a con artist, he went from 20 points up to barely beating me in state where, if I didn’t have share the ballot with two or three other people, I would have won. ” He further declared, “[W]e’ll win Florida, and we’ll win other winner take all states. When we get to the winner take all state of this election, those states are good for us, and what we’re fighting for, and really going to take off and get to 1, 237. Donald Trump will not be the nominee of the Republican Party. We are not going to turn over the party of Lincoln and Reagan to a man who refuses to condemn David Duke, refuses to condemn the KKK, and agrees with Hillary Clinton on Planned Parenthood, on staying neutral on Israel, on healthcare and on all sorts of other issues. ” Later, when the KKK and Duke came up, Rubio said that he would immediately disavow Duke and the Klan, unlike Trump. Rubio added that Trump “in virtually every state” “underperformed his public polling, after just 5 days of pointing out to people who he is. I can’t wait to see what it looks like in 15 days. Later, when asked if he would drop out if he didn’t win Florida, Rubio said he would win Florida, but that he’ll “campaign in all 50 states. Even if I have to get in my pickup truck, and drive all over this country. I will do whatever it takes to prevent a con artist like Donald Trump from ever becoming the Republican nominee. He will be the end of the modern conservative movement. ” He also commented on fellow candidate Ohio Governor John Kasich’s call to drop out by stating, “He’s not competitive anywhere but in just a handful of places.   …     I’m not asking or calling for anyone to drop out. I’m just telling you the facts as they are. You know, if there were less candidates in this race, we would have won in Virginia.   …     And we’re going to pick up delegates in every state on the map tonight, for the most part. John Kasich can’t say that. And Ted Cruz, a bad night for him, too. I mean, this was supposed to be a southern strategy. Let’s not forget, his campaign said that tonight was the night that it would all come to an end, and he would be the nominee. He didn’t even come close to fulfilling that. And if Ted Cruz, given how he’s running, cannot sweep on Super Tuesday, in the South, where in this country is he going to win? I on the other hand, I can make the case that, given where you see voters are going in different parts of the country, we have many states remaining. The bulk of the delegates outstanding, where we’re going to do very well, and have a real chance stop Donald Trump, and become the nominee. ” Follow Ian Hanchett on Twitter @IanHanchett"
"Sen. Marco Rubio has apparently changed his mind on whether Immigration and Customs Enforcement (ICE) Council President Chris Crane is an officer. Video from 2013 shows Rubio directly contradicting a claim he made on national television last week regarding Crane. [“We did get input from ICE. I actually met with a gentleman named Chris Crane,” Rubio told constituents in 2013:  His [Crane’s] frustration, and the frustration of many ICE agents, is that they’re not being allowed to enforce the law  …     I have nothing but the highest respect for the men and women who are on the front lines of trying to enforce our laws even though sometimes the politicians get in the way. “We welcome input and ideas from Mr. Crane and other law enforcement officials as the Senate works to improve the proposal,” Rubio’s spokesman Alex Conant wrote in an April 2013 email to Breitbart News. “We want law enforcement’s input. ” In 2013, when it was politically expedient for Sen. Rubio to   ICE officer Chris Crane in order to falsely suggest that Rubio had incorporated law enforcement’s input in a bid to pass the Gang of Eight, Rubio did so. In 2016, when Crane posed a political threat to Rubio and his donor’s efforts to install him in the White House, Rubio implicitly denounced Crane —   an ICE officer of 13 years, a lifetime member of the Veterans of Foreign Wars, a lifetime member of the American Legion, and a man whom Jeff Sessions has described as “an American hero. ” Following last week’s release of Crane’s detailed account of how law enforcement was treated “like absolute trash” by Sen. Rubio during Rubio’s effort to ram his   amnesty bill through the Senate, Rubio appeared on national television and implicitly denounced ICE officer Crane and his service to the nation. “He’s not an ICE official. He’s the head of a union,” Rubio angrily told Neil Cavuto. Rubio said he would not address Crane’s accusations because it was published by Breitbart News —   suggesting that Crane was complicit in pushing “conspiracy theories” about Sen. Rubio’s involvement in the Gang of Eight. “I literally don’t talk about the things they report because they’re basically conspiracy theories and often times manipulated. And that individual is not an ICE official, he’s the head of a union,” Rubio said. However, this declaration directly contradicts an assertion Rubio told his constituents in 2013. The footage recorded in April of 2013, was part of that “week’s edition of constituent mailbox. ” As Sen. Rubio explains in the video, the footage was one installment of a weekly video put out by his Senate office. “Every week we go into the email box, we go into our mailbox, we pull out some letters or emails that’s indicative of the kind of mail we’re getting, and we read it here on the air and then we answer your questions,” Rubio explained. [The relevant portion begins at 1:09].  In that week’s edition, Rubio read aloud one letter from a constituent named Ross from Melbourne, Florida who asked: “Why isn’t your Gang of Eight calling on ICE for their input into border security?” “We did get input from ICE,” Rubio said in his efforts to diffuse the criticism leveled by his constituent. “I actually met with a gentleman named Chris Crane, he’s the president of the union for the ICE agents. We met for about an hour, an hour and a half  …     His frustration, and the frustration of many ICE agents, is that they’re not being allowed to enforce the law  …     These are valid points that we’ve heard  …     We have taken their input. We continue to seek their input. And I have nothing but the highest respect for the men and women who are on the front lines of trying to enforce our laws even though sometimes the politicians get in the way. ” Rubio insisted that his   amnesty plan would help ICE officers: “I think this is going to help them in the long term,” Rubio said. In an April 2013 email to Breitbart News Rubio’s chief spokesman —  now his campaign spokesman —  Alex Conant suggested that Crane is indeed an ICE official: Senator Rubio did meet with Mr. Crane, and we welcome his suggestions to improve the bill  …     Our legislation is not a   or   proposition  —   we welcome input and ideas from Mr. Crane and other law enforcement officials as the Senate works to improve the proposal  …     Ultimately, we share Mr. Crane’s frustrations with the current, broken immigration system and his frustrations with the current Administration’s failure to enforce our laws. That is why we’re working to fix the system, and why we want law enforcement’s input. However, as Breitbart News reported at the time, even though Rubio touted his   meeting with Crane after the bill was written, Rubio left the bill unchanged —   dismissing all of ICE officers’ concerns. Immediately following their meeting, Crane wrote Rubio a letter in which he said: As you know, and speaking on behalf of our nation’s ICE agents and officers, I believe there are many crucial measures missing from this legislation that must be resolved before it is introduced  …     Based on news reports, it is my understanding that you are filing the bill today  …     I hope that can be delayed so that our officers and experts can provide real legislative input on the areas we discussed last night: the lack of ICE resources, how current ICE enforcement practices leave the nation open to tactics used by the   terrorists, DHS directives that release dangerous criminal aliens back into our communities the need for biometric   the administration’s dangerous abuse of prosecutorial discretion, our inability to make street arrests, the breakdown of enforcement in our jails, the disciplining of officers for doing their jobs  —   these are only some of the many crucial interior enforcement issues not addressed in this legislation. As Crane explained at a press conference with Senator Jeff Sessions after the bill was introduced: Almost one month ago, we asked for a meeting with the Gang of Eight to discuss law enforcement concerns  …     They told us they weren’t taking meetings but they were meeting all along with special interests and   groups. Finally, after public pressure grew, I got a late Monday night meeting with Sen. Rubio the day before this    bill was introduced. I raised my many public safety concerns and pleaded with him not to drop the bill until these public safety concerns with law enforcement were addressed. They dropped it anyway  …     [the bill will] put the public safety at risk without doubt. It fails on interior enforcement, it’s amnesty first, enforcement perhaps never  …     Unfortunately, I do not believe that the Gang of Eight is a group that we can trust with a matter so important to the safety of American communities and security of our nation.  Indeed, Breitbart News’ reporting at the time confirms Crane’s account of events —  namely, that Rubio allowed Crane to be forcibly ejected the Gang of Eight’s press conference when he tried to ask a question on behalf of law enforcement. As Breitbart’s Matthew Boyle reported at the time: After the press conference, according to The Daily Caller, Crane showed up at the press conference at which the Gang of Eight introduced their bill. He asked the senators if they would take a question from law enforcement. Instead of taking the question, Rubio and the other Gang of Eight senators watched idly and allowed Capitol Hill police to peacefully escort Crane from the press conference. No law enforcement figures publicly endorsed the Gang of Eight bill at that event. Trump Senior Policy Adviser Stephen Miller has previously explained that “If you look at the one consistent through line of his [Rubio’s] career, it is that every decision appears to be perfectly calculated to try and open America’s borders. ” When Crane’s status as an ICE officer could help Rubio pass his border opening immigration bill, Rubio went out of his way to cite his meeting with Crane. When Crane’s status as an ICE officer could hurt Rubio’s path to the presidency —   a position that would give Rubio more leverage to enact the immigration policies supported by many of his donors —   Rubio denounced Crane. As Crane explained in his interview last week with Breitbart News: “In my opinion, Sen. Rubio absolutely knowingly mislead the American people regarding the bill. He was not telling the American public the truth about what that bill contained  …     I think it’s clear that open borders and amnesty proponents are trying to buy their way into the White House. I think that if elected President, Sen. Rubio’s Gang of Eight bill will be reintroduced and this time it will pass. Voters beware. ”"
"Twitter is breaking down. In a weekend exodus, four top executives have left the company. This follows a crashing stock price and weeks of bad press followings the social media platform’s   decision to pick a fight with conservative media. [Its current crisis was preceded by years of stagnant user growth, a failure to effectively monetize, and repeated free   controversies.  Where did it all go wrong for Twitter? In the short term, Twitter’s institutional investors have, according to Milo Yiannopoulos, been deeply concerned about how the recent controversy over his  .   I now know from multiple sources that institutional investors were watching my case closely to see what Twitter did about their mistake.  —   Milo Yiannopoulos ✘ (@Nero) January 25, 2016,    When a company is in trouble, investors watch very closely to see whether management fixes or doubles down on  .  —   Milo Yiannopoulos ✘ (@Nero) January 25, 2016,  All would be well if the company’s users were increasing, instead of flatlining or decreasing. But that won’t happen any time soon. The platform has a problem, one that’s alienating existing users and keeping new ones away, and it won’t be solved by gimmicks like “moments” and   tweets. The problem is that Twitter no longer believes in the values which attracted users in the first place. Beyond sharing news and links, the platform’s primary appeal was that it was a place to share fleeting, momentary thoughts. The   format encourages bluntness and honesty, not nuanced discussion. It was a place for the unfiltered thoughts of humanity. Yet, by caving in to political and media pressure to stop “trolling” on its platform, Twitter has made people scared to be honest on its platform. Where once their rules were simple, Twitter now maintains an   list of reasons to ban and punish its users. Users have to consider more and more factors before tweeting, all of which takes away from the platform’s primary appeal as a place to instantly share what’s on your mind. The opaqueness of Twitter’s enforcement makes the platform’s rules even more treacherous to navigate. Users often have no idea why they’ve been punished, which makes the chilling effect all the more potent. Step by step, users retreat towards safe, inoffensive, uninteresting patterns of tweeting  —   and those who don’t are banned. The exciting users are thrown off, and those who remain have fewer and fewer incentives to be exciting. If there were a recipe for killing a platform’s appeal, this would be it. Twitter should have paid attention to the results of censorship on sites like 4chan and Reddit. They caused mass user exoduses to competitors like 8chan and Voat. They took on tens of thousands of users in a matter of days after their larger cousins decided to move away from their initial ideals of free expression. Neither Voat nor 8chan succeeded in breaking their competitors’ market penetration, a key obstacle for any website seeking to overcome established players in social media. But from Twitter’s perspective, that shouldn’t matter. The exoduses demonstrated that attacks on free speech mean your user numbers will decrease, not increase. It should have been plain as daylight. Twitter, I suspect, is affected by a common menace in Silicon Valley: the internal cohort of social justice warriors that appears to plague every big tech company and community. They’re the reason coding communities are now being stifled by language codes, and why the language of college students (“safe spaces,” “microaggressions,” “intersectionality”) is growing increasingly common in tech. Dick Costolo hinted that these people existed at Twitter when he told a New York Times journalist that employees often came to him with examples of Tweets of alleged “harassment” that was in fact little more than political disagreement. “I’ll get emails from people that say, “I agree, and here’s a great example of someone being harassed on the platform”  —   and it’s not at all harassment, it’s political discourse. And, in fact, fairly rational political discourse” It’s unsurprising that SJWs are upset about political dissidents on Twitter, which is perhaps the world’s foremost site of online political activity. The site has played a major role in the Arab Spring, Occupy Wall Street, and black lives matter. It has played host to the rise of online feminists, gamergaters, and cultural libertarians. It’s influential, and that’s why SJWs want to control it. And therein lies the threat for Twitter. Because if they get their way  —   and a host of new rules on “online abuse” suggest they do get their way at least occasionally  —   then Twitter’s primary appeal will finally be gone. Once the scene of revolutions, it will become a sanitised platform, good for little more than a diminishing, increasingly bored base of Justin Bieber and Taylor Swift fans. If Twitter wants to attract users back, it has to be exciting again. The opaque, expansive set of rules that it maintains only dampens the enthusiasm of its users, making them less likely to Tweet, less excited about the platform, and less likely to encourage their friends to do so too. That’s Twitter’s path to success: more speech, rowdier speech, not less. Like a number of other companies, it needs to remember that it’s a platform, not a publisher. An enabler, not a censor. That, not SJWs, is what will win the company back the favour of its users. Follow Allum Bokhari @LibertarianBlue on Twitter, and download Milo Alert! for Android to be kept up to date on his latest articles."
"Purdue University president Mitch Daniels warned graduates at the school’s commencement that they should not fall prey to the “pernicious” notion that their successes will be based on luck or the actions of others.[  Daniels  —   the former governor of Indiana  —   asserted: Among many pernicious notions of our time, perhaps the most dangerous is the idea, sometimes implied and sometimes expressed, that life is more or less a lottery. That we are less masters of our fate than corks floating in a sea of luck. Or, even more absurd, that most of us are victims of some kind, and therefore in desperate need of others to protect us against a world of predators and against our own gullibility. I hope you will tune out anyone who, from this day on, tries to tell you that your achievements are not your own. Daniels observed the thoughtful comment of inventor Thomas Edison, who said, “Opportunity is missed by most people because it is dressed in overalls and looks like work. ” He also noted the lesson of freedom activist Frederick Douglass, who taught, “We may explain success mainly by one word and that word is work   …     enduring, honest, unremitting, indefatigable work, into which the whole heart is put. ” Similarly, Daniels said, movie innovator Samuel Goldwyn remarked, “The harder I work, the luckier I get. ” Purdue’s president continued: I have started drawing particular attention to a few words in the conferral language we are about to recite. They refer to the “rights, privileges, duties, and responsibilities” of your new degrees. I cite them because today’s world abounds in people who are quick to demand what they claim are their rights and privileges without recognizing any concomitant duties and responsibilities. “The history of this university is one of people who came from modest circumstances, accepted the responsibility to work hard and went on, through good luck and bad, to achieve great things and to be great citizens,” Daniels said. “Who accepted the duty to lead others in lives of similar character. Who knew, with George Washington, that “We cannot ensure success, but we can deserve it. ”"
"This week on “Fox News Sunday,” Republican presidential candidate Sen. Ted Cruz ( ) said the only reason Iran captured 10 America sailors last week was because of President Barack Obama’s “weakness. ”  Cruz said, “Any nation that captured our military officers, captures our soldiers, should face serious repercussions. ” He added, “The only reason they were seized is because of the weakness of Barack Obama. The   foreign policy leading from behind, our enemies are laughing at us. Days after seizing our sailors and parading them on television to humiliate them —  look those images were propaganda from Khomeini. Within hours of that John Kerry and President Obama are profusely thanking Khomeini for letting our sailors go after they had wrongly captured them and tried humiliate them now they’re trying to send $150 billion to Khomeini? It is the direct result of the weakness of this presidency. ” Follow Pam Key on Twitter @pamkeyNEN"
"Rachel Rothschild writes in Business Insider that the   Partnership (TPP) could become a big problem for Hillary Clinton’s campaign. [Hillary Clinton and many of her fellow Democrats meeting in Philadelphia hope to show the party unity arguably lacking when the Republicans gathered in Cleveland.  A sticking point to a unified Democratic Party, however, has been the   Partnership (TPP) one of the most contentious topics of debate between supporters of Clinton and erstwhile rival Bernie Sanders. Despite significant lobbying, Sanders failed to secure opposition to the TPP in a draft of the Democratic Party platform. As a result, the TPP could become a key issue in the election this fall. Donald Trump’s antipathy to the deal is   and he managed to convince “the party of free trade” to drop any mention of the TPP in its party platform, whether in support or opposition. And exit polls from the primaries showed that antitrade sentiment was a key driver of support for Sanders over Clinton. But, as my research on the history of environmental science and diplomacy highlights, there’s one significant drawback of the TPP that neither side has talked about: how it departs from a   of diplomatic progress on the environment and human rights. The TPP, a trade accord among a dozen   countries, has received significant criticism from both sides of the political spectrum. The main concern has been the potential impact on American workers and the U. S. economy. However, the TPP has other glaring deficiencies that also deserve attention by Congress and the presidential candidates: the poor protection given to the environment, food safety and human rights. There is not a single mention of climate change or human rights in the treaty text. Conservation protections for wildlife are minimal at best. Foreign companies are granted the ability, for example, to challenge environmental laws of other countries through a controversial clause known as the   dispute settlement system. And the TPP’s environment chapter is weaker than those in previous free trade agreements. Because of these flaws, more than 1, 500 organizations, including major U. S. environmental and humanitarian groups, have come out against the TPP. While leaked documents from the TPP negotiations suggest the U. S. acquiesced to other countries attempts to weaken the agreement, history shows that tying environmental and human rights issues into larger strategic agreements actually strengthens these treaties. Read the rest here."
"The   of Obama’s presidency reached new heights Monday when Broadway’s Hamilton creator   Miranda joined the president in the Rose Garden and performed a rap song about random civic terminology. [The   freestyle session saw President Obama holding up cards with the words “Constitution,” “Obamacare,” and “NASA,” written on them. As Obama flipped the cards, Miranda rapped lyrics off the top of his head about the key words.  “Constitution, the POTUS, I’m freestylin.’ You know this,” he sang as seen in the video clip posted to the White House Facebook page. Wait for it  …     ⬇ #Bam4Hamhttps:  .   —   The White House (@WhiteHouse) March 15, 2016, The   Hamilton cast also mingled with first lady Michelle Obama. The first lady had the cast perform for a group of high schoolers visiting the White House. Monday wasn’t Miranda’s first visit to 1600 Pennsylvania Avenue. Six years ago, Miranda performed the song “Alexander Hamilton” in the East Room of the White House. Follow Jerome Hudson on Twitter @jeromeehudson"
"Thursday while campaigning for his wife Democratic presidential   Hillary Clinton in Philadelphia, former president Bill Clinton had to repeatedly address protesters angry with the results of the crime and welfare bills passed during his presidency.  Clinton addressed the protesters saying, “Whoa, whoa, whoa. wait, wait. I want to be able to  —   come on. no. come on. wait, wait, wait. wait. You need to understand, this is what’s the matter. I don’t know how you would characterize the gang leaders who got    kids hopped up on crack and sent them out onto the street to murder other   children. Maybe you thought they were good citizens. She didn’t. She didn’t. You are defending the people who killed the lives, who say matter. Tell the truth. You are defending the people who caused young people to take guns. There was a    girl in Washington, D. C. How would you do it? Look at these other ones. Look at this. That’s not true. ” Follow Pam Key on Twitter @pamkeyNEN"
"Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump wants American law enforcement to start profiling radical Muslims and stop being politically correct about the terrorist threat Americans face. [“You’ll never solve the problem if you’re afraid to use the real name. This is radical Islamic terrorism,” he said, after a bomb went off in New York City and injured 29 people. Over the weekend, law enforcement officials discovered and diffused several bombs placed around the city.  Trump praised law enforcement for doing an excellent job combating terrorism in America’s cities, but suggested that political correctness was getting in the way. He cited the security measures by Israel as an example. “In Israel they profile, they’ve done an unbelievable job, as good as you can do,” Trump said. “They profile. They see somebody that is suspicious, they will profile, they will take that person in, they’ll check out. Do we have choice? Look what’s going on? Do we really have a choice?   …     This is only going to get worse. ” Law enforcement are currently seeking the whereabouts of    Ahmad Khan Rahami, an American citizen of Afghan decent for questioning about the attacks.  Trump ridiculed President Barack Obama and Hillary Clinton on Monday, criticizing them for being weak on terror and failing to address the source of terrorism because of political correctness. “Our leaders are  —   I don’t even say ‘weak,’  —   I say ‘stupid,’” he said in an interview on Fox and Friends. Trump warned that these kinds of attacks would continue, as long as Obama and the Democrats continued to welcome additional refugees from Syria into the United States and fail to destroy ISIS overseas. “We’ve been weak, our country has been weak,” Trump said, calling Syrian refugees “cancer from within. ” Trump said that ISIS was started by Hillary Clinton and Obama after they exited Iraq, leaving terrorist elements the freedom to rebuild. “These are sick evil people that want to destroy this country, the way we coddle them, and the way we’re afraid to say anything, and we’re afraid to say what the problem is and who they are and they don’t want to say radical Islam they don’t want to talk about radical Islamic terrorism,” Trump said."
"London (AFP)  —   Serena Williams powered to her seventh Wimbledon crown as the world number one finally claimed a   22nd major title with a     victory over Angelique Kerber in Saturday’s final. [Williams had been stuck on 21 Grand Slams since winning last year’s Wimbledon, but the American star ended that frustrating barren spell to retain the title and draw level with Steffi Graf’s Open era record.  Serena was pushed hard by Kerber in a   clash lasting 81 minutes on Centre Court, but the German fourth seed eventually crumbled under a barrage of 39 winners and 13 aces from the defending champion. “It’s a great feeling to be here. Angelique brings out great tennis in me,” said Serena. “Number 22 is awesome. Centre Court feels like home. ” Kerber said the American was a great champion. “Serena you deserve it, you are a great champion and great person. We played a great match,” said Kerber. “It’s an honour to play on Centre Court and a great feeling. ” Having avenged her shock loss against Kerber in the Australian Open final in January, Williams was wreathed in smiles as she paraded the Venus Rosewater Dish around Centre Court after collecting a cheque for £2 million ($2. 5 million, 2. 3 million euros). But the far more significant reward is the knowledge she has reestablished her supremacy at a time when doubters were beginning to question the   ’s hunger for more silverware after consecutive Slam final defeats this year. In a testament to her remarkable longevity as the sport’s preeminent force, Serena is once again Wimbledon’s queen 14 years after her first success at the All England Club. Equalling Margaret Court’s   record of 24 Grand Slam titles will be Serena’s next goal. The 71st singles title of Williams’ astonishing career also moved her within two of Martina Navratilova’s   record of nine Wimbledon triumphs. Showing signs of cracking under the pressure of her bid for tennis immortality, Williams had cut a grumpy figure for much of the tournament, earning a fine for racquet smashing and threatening to sue Wimbledon officials if she was injured on a wet court. But a serene focus came over Williams with the trophy in sight and she delivered a   masterclass against Elena Vesnina in the quickest   in Wimbledon history.  —   Defiant  —   With pop royalty Beyonce and   among Serena’s entourage in the players’ box, Williams finally hit the right notes after so many recent disappointments. In her ninth Wimbledon final and 28th at the majors, Williams had a golden opportunity to seize the initiative in Kerber’s first service game, but the German showed her mettle as she nervelessly saved three break points. Given Williams’ pursuit of Graf’s historic landmark, it was a delicious twist that the    had played a role in Kerber’s recent rise after advising her compatriot. Showing she has heeded Graf’s words of wisdom, Kerber had sprinted to the final without dropping a set in her six matches and she matched Serena blow for blow in a tense first set. Kerber, in her first Wimbledon final and second major title match, was moving Williams into awkward positions with her    . But Serena kept slugging away and the barrage eventually proved too much for the    to resist. A sequence of blistering   rocked the German deep behind the baseline on set point, forcing a fatal error that Serena celebrated with a defiant shriek and a prolonged   pump. Kerber was still competing gamely in the second set, but when she finally earned a first break point in the seventh game, Williams got out of trouble with a pair of imperious aces. The German’s look of resignation suggested the end was in sight and so it proved as Serena broke in the next game. Serena’s coach Patrick Mouratoglou says she enjoys her major triumphs for little more than five minutes before switching her attention to the next target. But judging by the joyous way Williams slumped flat on her back on Centre Court when Kerber miscued on match point, the sweet taste of this historic success might linger a little longer."
"The word “Benghazi” was never mentioned in the first presidential debate. It was only mentioned once in the second debate. And it was ignored again in the third debate. (The vice presidential debate ignored it, too. )[That sole mention of Benghazi occurred when Donald Trump brought it up in his own defense, in response to a question about why he had tweeted at three o’clock in the morning. about a dispute with a former Miss Universe.  Yes, the debates were that trivial. Here, for the record, is the only mention of Benghazi: COOPER: Mr. Trump, let me follow up with you. In 2008, you wrote in one of your books that the most important characteristic of a good leader is discipline. You said, if a leader doesn’t have it, quote, “he or she won’t be one for very long. ” In the days after the first debate, you sent out a series of tweets from 3 a. m. to 5 a. m. including one that told people to check out a sex tape. Is that the discipline of a good leader? TRUMP: No, there wasn’t check out a sex tape. It was just take a look at the person that she built up to be this wonderful Girl Scout who was no Girl Scout. COOPER: You mentioned sex tape. TRUMP: By the way, just so you understand, when she said 3 o’clock in the morning, take a look at Benghazi. She said who is going to answer the call at 3 o’clock in the morning? Guess what? She didn’t answer it, because when Ambassador Stevens  …     COOPER: The question is, is that the discipline of a good leader? TRUMP:   …     600  —   wait a minute, Anderson, 600 times. Well, she said she was awake at 3 o’clock in the morning, and she also sent a tweet out at 3 o’clock in the morning, but I won’t even mention that. But she said she’ll be awake. Who’s going  —   the famous thing, we’re going to answer our call at 3 o’clock in the morning. Guess what happened? Ambassador Stevens  —   Ambassador Stevens sent 600 requests for help. And the only one she talked to was Sidney Blumenthal, who’s her friend and not a good guy, by the way. So, you know, she shouldn’t be talking about that. We never had “what happened at Benghazi?”  —   but we did have “did you tell people to check out a sex tape at 3 a. m.?”. Trump deserves some criticism for neglecting Benghazi, which he should have brought up in every debate. But the real blame rests with the moderators. Even Fox News’ Chris Wallace, who earned praise by conducting the only fair debate of the three, failed to mention Benghazi. Patricia Smith, mother of the late Benghazi hero Sean Smith, told me before the third debate that she hoped to hear about what happened on Sep. 11, 2012  —   and told me afterwards how disgusted she was that it was ignored. A simple, straightforward question would have sufficed. “Secretary Clinton, the Benghazi terror attack happened while you were Secretary of State. Should the voters consider that a test of your ability to perform as   ?” For balance, he could have asked Trump a tough  . “Mr. Trump, you have criticized Secretary Clinton on Benghazi. But she has been in the Situation Room, and you have no experience in national security. Are you, sir, ready to be   ?” But the only time we heard anything about “  ” was in the first debate, when Clinton invoked the phrase  —   to argue that Trump was unfit to serve in that role. No one  —   neither the moderators, nor the candidates  —   mentioned it again. It might be argued that Benghazi was an issue for 2012, not 2016 that the person in charge that night was Barack Obama, not Hillary Clinton that after years of investigation there was no “smoking gun”  —   “no scandal at all,” the Washington Post said. All of that could be true, and the omission of Benghazi would still be a disgrace, not only because so many of the other issues raised were so meaningless, but fundamentally because we still do not know why Americans in danger were left to die alone. What about the future? Will the next president seek the whole truth? What steps will the next president take to ensure that never happens again? How will the men who died  —   and saved dozens of others, thanklessly  —   be honored for their sacrifice? We have some idea  —   from portions of Trump’s speeches  —   but voters deserved to hear answers in the debates. History will not care whether Miss Universe once had sex on television. History will judge our neglect of the dead, and the carelessness with which we treat our future security. Joel B. Pollak is Senior    at Breitbart News. His new book, See No Evil: 19 Hard Truths the Left Can’t Handle, is available from Regnery through Amazon. Follow him on Twitter at @joelpollak."
"The    that has inflicted the most lasting and politically lethal damage to Hillary Clinton and her campaign, Clinton Cash, came from the investigative pen of Breitbart Senior    Peter Schweizer. [Bloomberg Politics editor Mark Halperin hails Clinton Cash as “the Right’s greatest success story. ” And that is why Hillary Clinton’s campaign has decided to throw a   temper tantrum aimed at lashing out at the news organization behind the Clinton Cash juggernaut, one that has coalesced into media outlets across the political spectrum calling for the Clinton Foundation’s immediate closure.  Indeed, Hillary’s latest desperate attempt to label 31 million Breitbart readers “racist” is easier to understand when viewed against the blistering devastation Clinton Cash —  in all its varied forms —  has inflicted on her campaign. Clinton Cash debuted last year at number two on the New York Times bestsellers list, remained fixed there for ten weeks, is currently on the NYT paperback list for three weeks running, is currently #1 on the NYT graphic novel bestseller list, and has been viewed nearly 3. 5 million on YouTube in its documentary form in just the last several weeks. The progressive MSNBC said the film is “devastating” and “powerfully connects the dots. ” The liberal Guardian says it’s “  …    a powerful message, one that is clearly designed to stir up trouble at the convention at just the moment when Clinton should be reveling in her victory in the Democratic race. ” Time Magazine calls it “a scathing broadside aimed at persuading liberals [and] is likely to leave    Clinton supporters who see it feeling more unsure about casting a vote for her. ” The film’s producer, of course, is former Breitbart News Executive Chairman and current Donald Trump campaign CEO Stephen K. Bannon. Ergo, Team Hillary’s latest attempt to trash Breitbart Nation and its 31 million monthly readers as racist. Put simply, the tsunami of verified and confirmed Clinton Cash revelations are now engulfing Hillary Clinton’s campaign. Nearly a dozen progressive media outlets and journalists have joined the deafening chorus of voices calling for Hillary’s embattled and corrupt Clinton Foundation to stop serving as a favor factory for foreign oligarchs and to shut down operations immediately. The Associated Press reports that over half of Hillary Clinton’s nongovernmental meetings at the State Department took place with Clinton Foundation donors. Emails uncovered by Judicial Watch reveal Hillary’s top aide Huma Abedin coordinating foreign favors with the Clinton Foundation, including greasing requests for billionaire   oligarch Gilbert Chagoury, a former business associate of the late billionaire fugitive Marc Rich. On Wednesday, the Democrat presidential nominee went on CNN to try and tamp down calls for her foundation to close. Liberal CNN host Anderson Cooper asked Clinton, “Why was it okay for the Clinton Foundation to accept foreign donations when you were secretary of state, but it wouldn’t be okay if you were president?” Clinton replied, “No, no. You know, look, Anderson, I know there’s a lot of smoke and there’s no fire. ” Hillary Clinton’s embarrassing and anemic response explains why she’s refused to hold a single press conference over the last 264 days. But it also underscored a deeper, more vexing problem for her campaign: there are no good answers to the myriad Clinton Cash revelations that continue to bedevil her candidacy. As Schweizer detailed last week, Hillary has still yet to answer even basic questions about her State Dept. auctioning policies to foreign Clinton Foundation donors: Hillary Clinton has not answered why her State Dept. approved the transfer of 20% of all U. S. uranium to Russia while not disclosing to the Obama administration that nine investors in that uranium deal funneled $145 million to the Clinton Foundation. Hillary Clinton has not answered why her brother, Tony Rodham, sat on the board of a company that received a rare “gold exploitation permit” from the Haitian government while she was dispersing billions of U. S. taxpayer dollars in Haiti earthquake disaster relief. Hillary Clinton has not answered why she hid $2. 35 million in Clinton Foundation donations from the head of one of the Russian government’s uranium companies. Hillary Clinton has not answered why she has yet to release the names of the 1, 100 foreign Clinton Foundation donors that both Bloomberg and the Washington Post confirm remain secret. Hillary Clinton has not answered why it was appropriate for Bill Clinton to deliver a $500, 000 speech in Moscow paid for by a   bank while she led the   Russian reset as Sec. of State —  a Clinton Cash revelation so egregious, that even the progressive New Yorker magazine was left to ponder, “Why was Bill Clinton taking any money from a bank linked to the Kremlin while his wife was Secretary of State?” Hillary Clinton has not answered why her current campaign chairman, John Podesta, sat on the board of a company alongside Russian officials that received $35 million from Rusnano, Vladimir Putin’s funding apparatus. Until Hillary’s campaign can concoct answers to those and other questions, they have decided the best they can do is “run out the clock” and label anyone who holds different ideas or opinions as racist. It’s a sad and desperate denouement to Hillary Clinton’s unprecedented Clinton Foundation corruptions."
"I’ve just had a brilliant idea for Hollywood celebrities and other leftist nincompoops dreading the coming presidency of Trump.   celebs, it’s time to pack your bags for sunny Cuba! [A wide variety of entertainers (I use the term loosely) and other   Americans announced during the   to the election that they would leave the country if Donald Trump won the presidency.  It has become something of a standard campaign ploy for the Democrats they actually think they can shock voters into choosing their candidate by posing the question: “How can America survive without Alec Baldwin?” Of course this election the stakes were even higher. More famous people than ever banded together in their opposition of Donald Trump, promising to flee the Trump reign of terror. They screeched about it desperately to anyone who would listen. This is where things get complicated. You see, none of the lefties thought Trump had a chance in hell of winning. They bought into the bogus polls and the biased news programs and the useless Nate Silvers: the real “fake news. ” Expatriation plans are a liberal’s favorite political gesture, full of symbolism but devoid of real intent, with only the slightest chance of causing harm to the speaker’s pampered existence and jaded worldview. A social justice warrior crying wolf? Say it ain’t so! To the typical actor, threatening to leave the United States over the election was just another set of lines to read. Like Sith Lords, hobbits, and people who find Lena Dunham sexually attractive, the prospect of Donald Trump winning the election was supposed to remain horrifying but entirely fictional. Here’s where things get amusing  —   or awkward, depending on your point of view. The celebrities in question almost uniformly threatened to move to white countries. Very white countries. Even Snoop said he’d go to South Africa  —   the whitest of all African nations. Imagine the ego it takes to call   Americans racist while you plan to move to Canada if your candidate loses. If it wasn’t Canada, it was New Zealand, Australia and other     countries. It turns out that the Hollywood Left is more racist than those   Nazis who settled in South American compounds after fleeing Germany. At least Hitler’s generals were fine living next to brown people. Of course leftists like Lena Dunham don’t know their history they are too busy calling everyone involved with the Trump campaign Nazis to have learned anything about the actual National Socialists. They use “Nazi” as a   for “vaguely conservative. ” Why couldn’t some of these egomaniacs at least have promised to move to the United Kingdom or France, which are quickly becoming unrecognizable thanks to Muslim immigration? As you’d expect, none of the famous people who threatened to leave the country are in a rush to do so. Some have stayed mum. Others have already explained away their threats  —   and called anyone who mocked them “disgusting. ” Amy Schumer claims her plans to leave were a joke. If that is true, it might be her first original zinger in years. Because I care so deeply about all people, even those so misguided as to disagree with me, I’ve put all of my brainpower into helping Hollywood solve this problem. I think I have the perfect plan. Would you expect anything less? American celebrities should move to Havana. Think of all the advantages Cuba has! Easy access to the United States for work, or when being surrounded by the human misery bred by communism gets a bit much. Cher could even charter a luxury cruise ship and claim to be a Cuban boat person. If Hollywood types are already treated like royalty, imagine the way they will be treated by the unimaginably poor residents of Cuba that have suffered under decades of Castro rule? They’d become gods among men, which is how the Hollywood elite prefer to think about themselves already anyway. Cuba, like any communist country, already has some level of comfort for those wealthy and   enough to afford it. Celebrities would be set up with a secure compound so the only Hispanics they had to interact with on a regular basis would be their housekeepers, cooks and chauffeurs  —   just like Canada, but with better weather! There could be career advantages to being in Cuba, too. Dunham is no stranger to using relatives to her own advantage, and Cuba could help her do it again. Imagine Lena past her prime (i. e. the moment she was conceived) letting a relative escape to Florida, only to be brought back to Cuba in dramatic fashion like Elian Gonzalez. Yes, there are some rough edges. Havana would need a massive number of Starbucks franchises and better 4G connectivity for all the “look at me with poor brown people” selfies. They’d also need to open several raw vegan restaurants, where the entrées cost more than the average Cuban makes in a year. Most celebrities would frown on driving a Volkswagen Beetle from the sixties, but this is likely to be a temporary sacrifice until the Tesla dealership opens. These are just minor details, of course. Let the commies solve them so long as iPhones still work. Cuban politics follows a twisted sort of logic that is perfect for liberals. These famous   Americans are the people who defend Islam because it suits their political purposes. So they will surely have no problem moving to a leftist country whose former leader (I’m glad he’s dead) shipped gays off for  . Most importantly, there is a huge vacuum of VIPs in Cuba following the death of Fidel. Have you ever known a Hollywood celebrity to resist a chance to become even more famous and beloved? I suspect following this article’s publication, the Cuban government’s immigration system will crash just like Canada’s did, and Hollywood leftists will call their acting coaches to practice saying “¡Viva la Revolución!” The rest of us will get by with a simple “Adios. ” Follow Milo Yiannopoulos (@Nero) on Facebook, Instagram and Snapchat. Hear him every Friday on The Milo Yiannopoulos Show. Write to Milo at milo@breitbart. com."
"Tuesday on Bloomberg’s “With All Due Respect” on MSNBC, Republican strategist and pollster Kellyanne Conway defended presumptive Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump going after Democratic presidential   Hillary Clinton’s involvement in her husband former president Bill Clinton’s mistreatment of women.  Conway said, “I don’t think he talks about where President Obama is born. He hasn’t done that in quite a few years. Vince Foster is sort of like a footnote to the real issues of the 1990s. Which is he’s responding in kind to Hillary Clinton saying he is not good for women —  he is a sexist —  he is a misogynist.’ She continued, “What I’m saying is 1990s, the main thing he’s talking about is Bill Clinton and women in the 1990s. You have a lot of people googling Paula Jones and $850, 000. The last time I didn’t sexually harass someone in my workplace I didn’t pay them $850, 000. So I think what people will focus on is this was a man in power and he was having affairs with subordinates in the White House. Sexually harassing a subordinate. Look the man lost his law license in the state of Arkansas. He was the governor and the president lost his license to practice law. ” She added, “I think Donald Trump continues to steal news cycles away from Clinton. She’s explaining more than she’s campaigning. ” Follow Pam Key on Twitter @pamkeyNEN"
"Director Michael Bay’s riveting, heartbreaking, and infuriating “13 Hours: The Secret Soldiers of Benghazi” opens with five simple words:  “This Is a True Story. ” What it should have read was, “This Is a True Story The Media Has Covered Up For Years. ”  God damn these people to Hell. Let me start things off by pointing and laughing at George Clooney, Robert Redford, Meryl Streep, Tim Robbins, John Cusack, Leonardo Di Caprio, Paul Greengrass, Matt Damon, and Paul Haggis  —   all of whom made films critical of a sitting president’s foreign policy that ended up being, not only box office catastrophes, but creative embarrassments completely forgettable, preachy, pedantic, just plain lousy movies no one will ever see again. Now I have even worse news for them  …     Michael Bay  —   you know, the guy who makes those “Transformers” movies  —    just made a film critical of a sitting president’s foreign policy, and knocked it straight out of the park.  Bay’s “13 Hours” is not only a compelling, unbearably tense, brilliantly choreographed action film, but like a true artist, he does not stoop to being preachy or pedantic to make a damning case against a Obama Administration, that not only has a depraved indifference towards the truth, but also towards American lives. On September 11, 2012, a horde of armed terrorists launched nothing close to a protest spurred by an   YouTube video. There is no question the attack against our diplomatic compound in Benghazi, Libya, was coordinated, swift and deadly. Despite repeated pleas for additional security (all ignored by Hillary Clinton’s State Department) Ambassador Chris Stevens had only unreliable locals and a handful of State Department agents protecting him. The battle was lost before it began. Just a mile away was our    CIA outpost. As soon as the militants hit, the outpost called the CIA annex begging for help. Within minutes, six security contractors stationed there, all former special   were ready to launch a rescue mission. The CIA annex chief (David Costabile) refused to let them go. Repeatedly, the six men are ordered to stand down.  For 20 agonizing minutes, Jack (John Krasinski) Rone (James Badge Dale) Oz (Max Martini) Tanto (Pablo Schreiber) Tig (Dominic Fumusa) and Boon (David Denman) wait in a bureaucratic hell. One says in frustration and disbelief, “If the consulate had ordered a fucking pizza it would have been there by now. ” From the roof, these warriors watch helplessly as the flames consuming the consulate burn higher. Now that it looks like a suicide mission instead of a rescue mission, they ignore the stand down order and do their duty. While there is no questions those 20 precious minutes cost the lives of a fine ambassador and Information Management Officer Sean Smith, the six man team is still able to rescue a handful of American personnel and, after a brutal firefight, make it back to the CIA compound.  Unfortunately, their problems have only just begun. Armed militants, who are part of the al   Ansar   gather in the dark, creep, attack in waves, retreat, and then prepare to start all over having learned more about the annex’s defenses. There is no question, though, that the   of “13 Hours” is the White House and Clinton’s State Department. Bay never names names, never launches a diatribe, but his fury at the American government for abandoning these men, along with the 30 or so others stationed at the annex, is both palpable and contagious. (An offhand comment about one of the attacking terrorists being a former Gitmo detainee is especially timely.) Overhead, throughout this terrible night, a military drone witnesses everything, and our government does nothing. Repeatedly, desperate calls are made begging for air support  —   if nothing else, a simple flyover to scare the militants. Just a few hundred miles away,   sit idle on an aircraft carrier.  Even the next morning, after it is all over, even after two more brave men are dead and all the CIA staffers have been placed safely aboard a departing plane, the American government doesn’t come. Our heroes have to rely on a foreign government to get them home. The pacing is breathless, the acting superb, and no one’s humanity is forgotten in the process. Ambassador Stevens is portrayed as a heroic idealist, and you cannot help but mourn his loss. Even the CIA chief is not portrayed as a   villain. He may be a bureaucrat but he is a competent one. In the middle of it all, during a rare break in the danger, the incredulous men learn that our corrupt media has already assumed their favorite position as a Tool of the State that the media is already dutifully reporting the White House lies about protests and YouTube videos already working    with the Obama campaign to   the truth to   a failed president. To protect their role in that   and to drag Hillary Clinton over her own finish line, that   continues to this day. The real injustice, though, has nothing to do with politics. What happened over those 13 hours was a   Alamo, and because our DC Media is nothing more than a pile of   liars and propagandists, these six heroes have had to wait three years to receive their due. In case I didn’t mention it, “13 Hours” is nothing close to political. Michael Bay simply told the truth.   Follow John Nolte on Twitter @NolteNC                "
"Greek authorities are investigating after numerous reports of extreme violence and sex assault among the migrants living in the shanty town established among the abandoned former Athens International Airport. [Thousands of migrants are now being moved from the former Ellinikon Airport to dispersed camps around Greece. Yet the policy of moving out the “troublemakers” first means many families are refusing to go or are making their own way back to the airport.  The initial arrival of the young men means they have had time to establish themselves in the new camps. A report by The Times quotes an Afghan father of five who said of the new camps: “It’s like the Wild West there  …     I’m not going back. Neither are my children”. Relocations started after a    Afghan boy was stabbed to death in Athens, where both the victim and attacker were Ellinikon residents, but reports from the inside of the camp suggest a sinister web of child rape where fear rules. Speaking to the paper, an Afghan mother reports sleeping close to her children after witnessing child rape by other migrants. She said: “Weird things happen here after midnight. “Many of the young men get drunk. They shout, fight and do ugly things. No one dares to confront them. We’ve seen young girls and boys raped in the bathrooms here. We’ve seen families robbed of their belongings and people threatened with knives”. One unfortunate   of the migrant crisis appears to be a surge in child abuse across Europe. In Greece, girls as young as five have been abused by Afghan males, while in countries like Austria, Germany, and Sweden, child rape in swimming pools has become a regular feature in national news. Breitbart London has reported on many of these incidences of violence at public baths, which have seen extremely young children molested. In Linz in January, a    boy was surrounded by six “foreigners” who put their hands in his underwear, and “performed a sex act” next to her son. In Cologne in March, a    girl was touched “indecently” by six men at the end of the   who put their hands inside her bathing suit. Some swimming baths have attempted to control the situation by banning migrants, but these measures have typically not lasted more than a few days after   activists discovered the measures. In one case, a migrant ban lasted just 24 hours because of pressure from the left and threats of legal action."
"If there’s one thing the right can agree on, it’s that the American campus is in a desperate state. From Bill Kristol to Ann Coulter, there is consensus that higher education needs an overhaul. Whether it’s coddling “safe spaces” kangaroo courts for rape cases, or    identity politics, there are no shortage of problems to fix at American universities. [Indeed, even the liberal establishment agrees that something must be done. It wasn’t a conservative magazine that published The Coddling of The American Mind, and it wasn’t conservatives who   it. Even Michael Bloomberg and the Obamas have raised their voices against the spiral of irrationality currently consuming American campuses.  But who’s going to do anything about it? There’s me, of course —   I’ve achieved a number of victories this year, including strengthened free speech protections at the University of Minnesota and the resignation of a   professor at DePaul University. Despite being sniffed at by Reason editors and the   set, provocation gets things done. By the end of this tour I’ll have been on more college campuses than just about anyone. There’s no one in america better qualified to tell it like it is. But I’d be the first to admit that even i’m not enough on my own. (Okay, that’s not really true, but my editor asked me to tone it down a bit and i couldnt think of a better way to introduce the next paragraph). I may have wounded the   dragon of progressivism on campus, and left some of it’s more porcine practitioners winded (hi Trigglypuff) but to truly finish it off more systemic change is required. And for that, we need a President ready to take the radical steps necessary to redress the balance. In an interview with Inside Higher Ed, Sam Clovis, director of policy for Donald Trump, revealed how the presidential candidate’s platform is taking shape. The details should be encouraging for anyone who, like me, is concerned by the state of free speech and intellectual rigor at universities. First and foremost, Trump is considering moving the Office of Civil Rights at the Department of Education to the Department of Justice. That’s important, because it was the OCR that triggered that disastrous rise of Title IX “tribunals” on campus. Better known as campus kangaroo courts, these were set up during the unsubstantiated and needless panic over “rape culture” on college campuses that held sway across much of the media and political culture in the years immediately prior to 2014. They are staffed by academics with no legal training, yet are given the ability to rule on whether students are guilty or innocent of sexual assault —   all while adhering to lower standards of proof than a criminal court. The result? Widespread travesties of justice across American campuses, and a slew of lawsuits from wronged young men whose only recourse to salvage their reputations is filing a suit against their own schools. Moving the OCR to the Department of Justice, where due process is unlikely to be just an afterthought, would be the first step on the road to reversing this catastrophic legacy of the Obama administration. We might see an immediate end of “Dear Colleague” letters that have had disastrous effects on campus culture and the quality of education received by students. There are also signs that a Trump administration would pressure colleges to create an environment more receptive to free speech and political diversity. “I think in the spirit of academic freedom, a college campus should be a place where people should be allowed to express themselves to the fullest as long as they don’t injure another party,” Clovis told Inside Higher Ed.  “When students react in a particular way and they make demands, there has to be a calm approach to it, to say, ‘Look, this is free speech and this is the speech that is on this campus. You may not agree with this individual, but this person on this campus, and you should hear what they have to say. ” In other words, Trump’s Department of Education would encourage college administrations to reject the demands of the most radical   speech tendencies on campus. Just imagine all the furious, Ada   resignations that would occur once such a policy got underway! Last but not least, Trump is looking to tackle the root of the rot on college campuses: fluff courses where undergraduates, instead of receiving an education, are indoctrinated into progressive dogmas that encourage   hatred and political intolerance. According to Clovis, Trump plans to make student loans less   for both colleges and students. Colleges will be forced to have “skin in the game” on student loans, sharing some of the loan’s risk, and taking a role in the approval process. This will force both colleges and students to think carefully about the job and income prospects associated with their chosen degrees. Or, in other words: “Do I really want to major in Feminist Dance Therapy rather than, say, Computer Science?” Want to close wage gap? Step one: Change your major from feminist dance therapy to electrical engineering. #NationalOffendACollegeStudentDay,  —   Christina H. Sommers (@CHSommers) November 10, 2015,  This cuts to the heart of the matter  —   with fewer students applying for the soft subjects, there won’t be a need for so many professors in those subjects. Which means the   ideological ones —   the Melissa Clicks, the Ada Wongs —   will be the first to go. With a few clever tweaks to the loans system, Trump could give college administrators the excuse they need to get rid of their worst elements (something, no doubt, that many of them are looking for). The establishment have their reasons for disliking Trump. They say they are doing so because of their principles —   which Trump supposedly violates. But those same members of the establishment have spent the last year publicly worrying about the state of college campuses. So far, Trump is the only candidate offering a credible and well   solution. Hillary Clinton is more likely to make the problem worse than fix it, and the Libertarians, true to form, are unlikely to be a serious option. Of course there is an even more important reason for conservatives to be trumpeting Daddy’s plan, and that is because it will have appeal to Bernie Sanders’ erstwhile supporters. There are millions of Bernie fans who are staunchly against Hillary Clinton despite their former hero supporting her. While Sanders is flying around in the jet his betrayal earned him, these supporters are desperately trying to figure out where their loyalty should go. To Clinton, who represents everything they hate, or Jill Stein, or has a snowball’s chance in hell of winning, and is quite obviously nuts? Or to Donald Trump, the only candidate who has real plans for reforming college. College is a hot topic for the Bernie voters, and while Trump won’t give them free college, seeing as how he lives in the real world and not a communist fantasy utopia, his plan is still much better than the alternative. The media will go dark on the college issue for fear of bringing Bernie fans into the Trump camp, but it isn’t even worth complaining about at this point. After all, if the democrats didn’t have the mainstream media (and the #NeverTrump crowd) pulling every trick in the book on Daddy, they wouldn’t have a sporting chance would they? Milo Yiannopoulos is currently on the final leg of his Dangerous Faggot Tour. You can view pictures of his tour bus here, and watch his first event at Texas Tech here.  Follow Milo Yiannopoulos (@Nero) on Twitter and Facebook. Hear him every Friday on The Milo Yiannopoulos Show. Write to Milo at milo@breitbart. com. "
"President Barack Obama choose to publicly meet with an Islamic preacher in February who said the Koran declares gay sex “a despised act, it is haram, it is forbidden in Islam, completely, absolutely. ”[The meeting in Baltimore came shortly after Breitbart publicized the Islamic cleric’s orthodox denigration of gays, which was posted on YouTube. It also came after Breitbart asked Obama’s gay political allies to comment on the Islamic cleric’s statements.  “You are a transgressing people,” said the cleric Imam Yaseen Shaikh, who sat on Obama’s left at the meeting. He is the man at the right hand side of the photo above, wearing a white hat. He is a senior leader of the Islamic Society of Baltimore, which Obama choose for the first presidential visit to a mosque in February 2016.  Being a homosexual “is an immoral act, it is a shameful act, it is despised act, it is haram, it is forbidden in Islam, completely, absolutely, from the Koran, the Hadith [recorded statements from Islam’s reputed founder, the leader Muhammad) and by consensus of the scholars from the beginning of Islam,” says Imam Yaseen Shaikh, who was hired in  to serve as the head of Islamic teaching or Islamic “scholar” for the Islamic Society of Baltimore and its nearby   school. GLAAD, an   organization, did not respond to Breitbart News’ request for comment about Obama’s visit. Shaikh, a senior leader of the Islamic Society of Baltimore, described “Homosexuality in Islam” in a lesson that has been posted to YouTube. He made these remarks at a mosque called “Masjid Ayesha” in London in 2013, prior to his joining the Islamic Society of Baltimore, according to the upload. “So all the sources of Islamic law are very, very accurate and very open and clear about this, without any ambiguity, without any ambiguity,” Shaikh says, mixing Arabic with English, starting at 17:10 in the video. Orthodox “Islamic law mandates the death penalty for homosexuality,” said Robert Spencer, an expert on Islam who runs JihadWatch. com. For example, one established story “has Muhammad saying: ‘Whoever is found conducting himself in the manner of the people of Lot, kill the doer and the receiver,’” Spencer told Breitbart. Muhammad’s statement can’t be waived away, said Spencer. According to the Koran  —   which orthodox Muslims believe is a    unchangeable transcription of Allah’s divine book of commandments  —   “Muhammad is the ‘excellent example‘ for Muslims, to be obeyed in all things,” Spencer said. In contrast, Christians are much freer to debate and reform Christianity, in part, because the New Testament consists of statements from fallible humans, “There is no chance, given Muhammad’s clear statement on this question [homosexuality] and his status for Islamic law, that Islam will be able to reform itself in the direction of tolerance toward gays,” Spencer said. “Those on the regressive Left who think they can reconcile Islam to liberal tolerance are in for a rude awakening: when they have outlived their usefulness to the jihadis, they will not be spared,” he added. So far, that conflict has been suppressed.  But the nightclub attack has exposed the deep ideological split within the Democratic Party’s   coalition, in which immigrant Muslims and U. S.  secular gays and lesbians play prominent roles under a leadership group of secular progressives.  That’s a fundamental strategic problem for progressives, because they’re relying on immigration to import millions of   voters to offset the increasingly   tilt of   centrist white Americans.  In his visit to the Baltimore mosque, Obama tried to recruit immigrant Muslims into the Democratic coalition. During a speech at the mosque, he declared that  like leaders everywhere, these [Muslim] leaders have been offering and need to continue to offer a positive vision for progress. And that includes political and economic progress  …     It’s why we will continue to partner with Muslim American communities not just to help you protect against extremist threats, but to expand health care and education and opportunity. Because that’s the best way to build strong, resilient communities  …     Understand your power to bring about change. Stay engaged in your community. Help move our country forward, your country forward. But in his YouTube video, Shaikh complained about the political power of Obama’s allies in the gay advocacy groups. “It is no secret that everywhere you look into society today, at every level, you find a representation of this community. On a social level, on a political level, on the educational boards, everywhere you look today you will find a representation of this community. They are an extremely powerful group,” he added. “It has been imposed on us. We are having to accept it. We are having this discussion today,” Shaikh said of the LGBT movement’s supposed conspiracy to “make their way into television and the media. ” The LGBT movement is attempting to get Muslims to “have some sympathy for them. Have some empathy. To start accepting them, that this is okay,” he said. Shaikh was particularly critical about “progressive Muslims” who want to accept homosexuality. “Sometimes you even hear from Muslims. This is the most disturbing thing, is when you hear Muslims say, ‘it doesn’t bother me. ’” “Unfortunately in recent times, there are some progressive groups within Muslims   …     I’m not going to sit there and talk about whether they are Muslim or not, because giving that judgement is not my duty here today. But unfortunately there has been the emergence of a few Muslim groups that claim legitimacy for their acts within the Islamic faith,” Shaikh said in his attack on progressive Muslims. But Shaikh is a comparative moderate within Islam. He was born in Britain, and in his YouTube video, he suggested that Muslims need not punish homosexuals if the homosexuality is conducted only in private. “If somebody is committing an immoral act, a disgusting act, a despised act  …     in their privacy  …     we can’t judge them because we don’t know about it. ” But, he said, “when that act is brought out into the public space, that’s when we have a problem. ” Here’s the video:    "
"WikiLeaks founder Julian Assange has said that the information they have on Donald Trump is not “more controversial material than what comes out of Donald Trump’s mouth every second day. ”[“We do have some information about the Republican campaign,” Assange said. “I mean, it’s from a point of view of an investigative journalist organization like WikiLeaks, the problem with the Trump campaign is it’s actually hard for us to publish much more controversial material than what comes out of Donald Trump’s mouth every second day, I mean, that’s a very strange reality for most of the media to be in. ”  Assange has previously implicated himself in the current presidential election by releasing information relating to Hillary Clinton’s private email server and the recent hacking of DNC servers by Russian hackers. Assange has also claimed he has further information relating to Hillary Clinton that he plans to release closer to the November election.  Assange alluded to what information the “October surprise” as it is now being called may contain saying, “I don’t want to give the game away, but it’s a variety of documents from different types of institutions that are associated with the election campaign, some quite unexpected angles, some quite interesting, some even entertaining. ” Assange isn’t focusing entirely on Clinton however, urging anyone with information on Trump to come forward, “If anyone has any information that is from inside the Trump campaign, which is authentic, it’s not like some claimed witness statement but actually internal documentation, we’d be very happy to receive and publish it,” he said on NPR’s “Morning Edition” in August.  Lucas Nolan is a conservative who regularly contributes articles on censorship and free speech to Breitbart. Follow him on Twitter@LucasNolan_ or email him at lucas@yiannopoulos. net"
"A crowd of Donald Trump supporters appeared outside Trump Tower in New York City Saturday afternoon. [The   demonstration in New York compliments another incident Saturday in Wisconsin, where House Speaker Paul Ryan was shouted down onstage by Trump supporters at his “Fall Fest” event with Scott Walker.  The     crowd of supporters attracted media attention as luminaries like Rudy Giuliani and Chris Christie and campaign operatives Don Trump Jr. and Kellyanne Conway filed inside the building. Giuliani reportedly shook his head no when asked by a reporter if Trump should drop out of the race. Scene outside of Trump Tower right now. Dozens of Trump supporters, some chanting: ”The media is corrupt.” pic. twitter.   —   MJ Lee (@mj_lee) October 8, 2016,  Trump supporters outside of Trump Tower now singing the national anthem.  —   MJ Lee (@mj_lee) October 8, 2016, "
"A Kaiser Family   poll finds 84 percent of white working class voters say that the government in Washington, D. C. doesn’t represent the views of people like them —  and 74 percent of whites with a   college degree say they agree. [Significant numbers of working class whites feel left behind.  Nearly half, or 47 percent, of working class whites feel the country’s best days are behind us. Only 18 percent feel satisfied with the country’s economic situation, with 78 percent dissatisfied —  and 53 percent very dissatisfied. Only 24 percent feel satisfied with “the influence people like you have on the political process,” with 45 percent feeling very dissatisfied. Half of working class whites believe that when their children reach their age, their standard of living will be worse than theirs is now.   percent of working class whites believe that over the past few years, it’s gotten harder for people like them to “get ahead financially,” while 67 percent feel it’s gotten harder to find good jobs.   percent of working class whites told pollsters they would consider voting for Donald Trump, while only 28 said they would think about voting for Hillary Clinton.   percent said they would “definitely not” vote for Trump, while a large majority, 66 percent, said they would “definitely not” vote for Clinton. Of registered voters, 60 percent of working class whites said they would consider voting for Trump, but only 29 percent said the same for Clinton. Generally speaking, 22 percent of working class whites said they thought of themselves as Democrats, 34 percent as Republicans, and 31 percent as political independents.   percent of working class whites think the blame for the economic problems facing the working class lies with the federal government, with 20 percent saying it deserves all of the blame.   percent say that Wall Street financial institutions are to blame.   percent of working class whites think the federal government gives too much help to the wealthy, and 66 percent say it doesn’t extend enough help to the working class. Trade is a sore spot with working class voters of all races polled.   percent of working class whites say trade agreements have cost the U. S. jobs, along with 62 percent of whites with college degrees.   percent of working class blacks and Hispanics also say trade deals with other countries have wound up costing Americans their jobs. Fifty percent of working class whites view the “increasing racial and ethnic diversity in America” as “helpful because it provides economic and social benefits to most Americans,” while 38 percent of working class whites and blacks, along with 31 percent of working class Hispanics, said it was “harmful because some people feel like they no longer belong. ” Only 20 percent of   whites agreed.   percent of all respondents said they felt Christian values were under attack in the U. S. with 65 percent and 62 percent of working class whites and blacks agreeing with the statement.   percent of working class whites believe “immigrants today are a burden on our country because they take our jobs, housing, and health care,” while 63 percent believe migrants from Muslim countries are “basically good, honest people. ” However, 43 percent believe they add to the crime problems in the U. S. 40 percent believe they take jobs from American workers, and 63 percent believe they increase the risk of terrorist attacks.   percent of working class whites surveyed described themselves as employed, while 43 percent said they were not employed, with 23 percent retired. The Kaiser Family   poll surveyed 1, 614 adults nationwide aged 18 and older from August 9 to September 5. The margin of error for the full sample of respondents is plus or minus three percentage points."
"That plummeting sound you hear is the fall of the House of Bush. Unfortunately for the family, it is not falling silently into the woods and there are plenty of people to hear it and witness it and, in time, kick over the dead embers of Bushism. [With Jeb Bush’s dismal loss in South Carolina comes the end of the Bush dynasty, which given the rise of President George HW Bush in 1980 (and even before with Senator Prescott Bush) as Ronald Reagan’s running mate, and later two presidencies, it lasted well over 30 years. Only the Adams’s, the Roosevelts, and the Kennedys could make the same claim as goes political dynasties.  Years ago, Sports Illustrated ran a cover story on the Green Bay Packers the year after Vince Lombardi left and the team had reverted back to losing. The headline read, “A Dynasty Totters” and I recall the wistful feeling as I held that issue. Years later, I am experiencing that same sentiment even as conservatives often disagreed with the family. The embarrassment of the Bush family will be difficult and this is cheerless for that proud and patriotic family. While the Bush family was smart in an Ivy League sort of way, it was never clear if they were as wise as presidents should be. It seemed as if they too often asked “Can we do this?” rather than “Should we do this?” Harry Truman once said a president’s job is to say yes and no, but mostly no. Bush 41 didn’t say no to the hectoring he received from the Big Government Republicans to raise taxes and Bush 43 didn’t say no to the neocons wanting to invade and occupy Iraq. Ironically, it may have been Governor Jeb Bush who was the most conservative, the most affable and the most temperamentally suited to be president and had he won in 1994, things might have been radically different. Somehow, I doubt Jeb will run again in four years if the Republicans fail to wrest the White House from the Democrats although he will still be younger than Ronald Reagan was in 1980 if he chooses to do so. Meanwhile, Politico has been running the same old tired clichés about Bush’s now lifeless campaign such as “running on fumes” and other unimaginative phrases. They don’t see the historical significance in Bush’s unsuccessful effort. There is great meaning in Jeb Bush’s demise. This is not simply the loss of Carly Fiorina or Rick Santorum. Jeb’s loss is the loss of an entire culture. It means the established order is waning, the donor class of the GOP no longer holds sway, and the power no longer resides with the party committees. It means those writers and organizations and publications and individuals who subscribed to a New World Order and Big Government Republicanism are also in steep decline. It is yet another indications that the party is returning to the federalism of Ronald Reagan, to American conservatism. The party is going back to the future. One of those neocon periodicals recently called Trumpism a “virus” for questioning the Iraq War. Donald Trump should not have said that President George Bush “lied” but that is besides the point. The need for a debate about the war has remained unspoken out of simple party loyalty. John Kennedy once said sometimes party loyalty demanded too much. The Republican Party is overdue in having this debate. Many Reaganites had their differences with the Bush family including 41’s tax increase along with the “kinder and gentler” rebuke of Ronald Reagan, a New World Order, and 43’s “compassionate conservatism” and nation building in Iraq and Afghanistan. Bush 43 also greatly increased federal spending and basically left a burning hole in the ground where Reagan’s conservatism used to reside. Thus the rise of the tea party movement and  . Despite party’s the turn away from Reagan some years ago, most refuse to believe that the Bush family was malicious. Oh, they were probably jealous of the affection in the party and the country for the Gipper, but that was not the prime motivator for their differing approach to governance. They simply came from a different part of the jungle, saw the world differently. The party has now moved beyond Bushism but this was a long time coming. With each election, the Bush point total went gradually down, from 1988 to 1992 to 2000 to 2004 and now with Jeb’s gloomy performances, it is over. Along the way there were blips up but mostly down as the party became more conservative, more populist, more anti foreign adventures and yes, more anti Bush. Governor Bush was simply caught up and crumpled in the hand of history, as the Republican Party searches once again for its soul. We’ve seen this before, in 1964 and again in 1980. The problem after 1988, when Ronald Reagan left with historically high approval ratings and a coherent and winning philosophy for the GOP, was the establishment could not resist toying with success. The GOP became a house divided against itself though it is clear what the outcome will be. The country does not need two big government parties. Craig Shirley is a New York Times bestselling writer, a presidential historian, a Reagan biographer and author of the new book, Last Act: The Final Years and Emerging Legacy of Ronald Reagan."
"From Darren Samuelsohn writing at Politico:  Beltway insiders like to dismiss Donald Trump’s strength in social media as a mirage  —   a following of reporters and political gadflies, not Republican voters and core activists. New data shows the Washington elite are wrong. According to an analysis obtained by POLITICO that matches Twitter handles to public voter data, seven out of every 10 of @realdonaldtrump’s followers appear to be his supporters. The report, produced by San Antonio database marketing agency Stirista, also found that nearly 90 percent of Trump’s followers are reliable turn outs at the ballot box roughly 11 percent of Trump’s followers should be classified as   presidential voters. “It’s translating into votes,” Stirista CEO Ajay Gupta said in an interview to describe Trump’s social media strategy. “Not at a    level. But at a 70 percent level, it is a pretty good margin. ” Stirista’s analysis tries to grapple with the still    effect of social media on Election Day results amid one of the most engaging online presidential races in U. S. history, and one that, thanks to Trump, has upended traditional White House campaign practices. Read the rest of the story at Politico."
"MarketWatch reports that the U. S. trade deficit “jumped 8. 7% in June to a   high of $44. 5 billion, reflecting the higher cost of oil and more imports of consumer goods such as cellphones and drugs. ”[The deficit increased because imports rose by $227. 7 billion, while exports were up only $183. 2 billion, with particularly sluggish oil and   exports. The trade gap with China hit its highest mark since last November, thanks to heavy imports of “  computers, cell phones, and clothing,” per ABC News. On the other hand, U. S. exports to the European Union and United Kingdom were up.  Reuters notes June was the third straight month to see an increase in the trade deficit. Economists predicted a much smaller deficit of $43. 1 billion by the end of June, compared to the   $64. 7 billion that was realized. Reasons cited for the unexpectedly high trade deficit included higher demand for consumer goods  —   which MarketWatch suggests is a signal that “Americans are still spending at a pace consistent with a fairly healthy, albeit slowly, expanding economy”  —   a $5. 19 per barrel rally in oil prices, and the U. S. dollar regaining strength after the Brexit vote. The Associated Press cites economists who “do not expect a large impact on the U. S. economy from Britain’s decision to leave the E. U. ” going forward. The oil price spike, in particular, was the largest   increase in over five years, and the fourth straight month in which oil prices rose. The AP notes that before that trend began, oil prices had fallen low enough to push the value of imports down, and keep this year’s trade deficit 2. 3 percent below the equivalent period in 2015.  “Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump, seeking to tap into the economic anxiety of Americans who have seen jobs disappear in an increasingly global economy, has accused the Obama administration of failing to protect U. S. workers from unfair trade practices in China and other countries,” the AP notes, adding that Trump’s proposals include exiting from the North American Free Trade Agreement, killing the   Trade Partnership agreement, and taking a more aggressive approach with China. In addition to the question of disadvantageous trade policies, the new trade deficit report spotlights the importance of oil  —   a fickle beast whose price fluctuations can help or hinder the economy in various ways. In this case, it seems clear that falling oil prices reduced the value of imports, and since those prices have probably begun recovering from   levels, the trade deficit may well grow as oil comes back. ZeroHedge writes extensively on another trouble spot: the accumulation of debt in the United States, which seems to be leaning more towards consumer goods purchases (as indicated by the reports that consumer demand is driving the trade deficit up) than productive investments for the future. Furthermore, a growing trade deficit suggests those U. S. consumer purchases aren’t creating as much profit for domestic industries  —   profit that could be recycled into investment and growth  —   as we would like.  Under this theory, America’s consumer debt load might be financing more purchases and pushing the trade deficit up, but it also stymied the economic growth that would normally have been associated with low oil prices. As ZeroHedge puts it, debt is “simply a way to bring what would be future consumption into the present,” and when the future finally gets here, it will have already been  . As for public debt, former Federal Reserve Chairman Alan Greenspan suggested in a conference call on Wednesday that the federal government ought to be running a hefty surplus of at least 3% of GDP, not monstrous deficits, in order to “build up funds to pay for retiring workers. ”  That would mean annual surpluses in the $500 billion range, which most certainly will not happen under anything resembling   government. And if America’s trade deficit grows worse, doesn’t that mean we’ll have even less commerce to tap in our future tax base, making the retirement crisis Greenspan predicts even worse?"
"State Senator Jean Fuller ( . 16) is urging Californians to honor   veterans by voting in California’s June 7 primary. [The primary comes one day after the 72nd anniversary of the Allied landing at Normandy.  Writing at Bakersfield. com, Fuller said: As Thomas Jefferson said, “Eternal vigilance is the price we pay for liberty. ” Almost two hundred years later, this statement still rings true because democracy is not guaranteed. It has to be created, defended when necessary, and continuously cultivated. Every American enjoys the rights and freedoms this great nation provides because of the sacrifices made by those defending democracy. We should honor those sacrifices by holding in high regard our freedoms, including our right to vote. Fuller went on to talk about the “fight against tyranny” —  a fight soldiers carry out on the battlefield and which citizens carry out at the voting booth. She spoke of her father’s service, her grandfather’s service, and the service of many of her uncles, then explained that Californians who vote exercise freedoms that were purchased at great cost. She wrote: Preserving our liberty has come at a heavy cost and in some instances taken far too long. Just over a half century ago, Jim Crow laws ruled the voting process in the South and just under a century ago women were finally granted the right to vote. Countless service members have made the ultimate sacrifice to protect our families and our freedoms. Today, courageous active duty soldiers, Marines, airmen and sailors stand ready to defend us, including those stationed at Marine Corps Base at Twentynine Palms, China Lake Naval Base, and Edwards Air Force Base. We should always remember their commitment to our freedom, whether in commemorating their sacrifice or in exercising the rights they fight for. AWR Hawkins is the Second Amendment columnist for Breitbart News and political analyst for Armed American Radio. Follow him on Twitter: @AWRHawkins. Reach him directly at awrhawkins@breitbart. com."
"News of Cuban dictator Fidel Castro’s death has been met with great sadness by the British Broadcasting Corporation which describes him as a “world icon” with one division of the service even asking if he was the “most astute politician of the 20th century”. [The BBC News website dedicated its front page to Fidel Castro, far more so than when other dictators of minor Latin American nations die.   As well as the lead article, the BBC has a feature on “Castro, 20th century revolutionary” a video looking back at the dictator’s life, an article dedicated to pictures of him, another saying he was “true to his convictions” and yet another piece calling him a “world icon”. An article by Stephen Wilkinson, editor of the International Journal of Cuban Studies, says “love him or loathe him, Castro was truly remarkable”. “Despite what his enemies say, Cuba under Castro built one of the most impressive public health systems and achieved educational results that are the envy of the developing world,” the article adds. Meanwhile, the corporation’s   Latin American service BBC Mundo asks if the Cuban dictator was the “most astute politician of the 20th century” in its lead story.  The piece by American journalist Jon Lee Anderson says that it does not matter how many people hated him because “the majority saw in him a Cuban prototype, a man who possessed superlative qualities that they admired”. He adds: “‘Cubaness’ like the majority of nationalisms, is a bag in which you can fit many concepts, but in essence it has to do with ingeniousness, cleverness and bravery, qualities for which Castro was a living example. ” The   service also includes an article celebrating “9 famous quotes” by the Communist dictator, including “history will absolve me” and “I don’t have even an atom of regret”. In all, a total of 15 pieces appeared on the BBC Mundo   of which just one, by a Cuban dissident, is overtly critical. There is no article, on either the English or Spanish language services, on the celebrations by exiled Cubans in Florida. The BBC has been long criticised for its   bias, an issue that came to a head during the recent EU referendum. A study published in October found that listeners to BBC Radio Four are two and a half times more likely to hear the opinions of a   speaker than from   guests. The study by   said: “There were no attempts in any programme to explore the benefits of leaving the EU, but conversely, Brexit came under sustained negative attack. “This was reflected in the balance of contributions and comment contained within the items. Analysis by   shows that only 23 percent of contributors in the programmes as a whole spoke in favour of Brexit, against 58 percent in favour of Remain and 19 percent who gave a neutral or factual commentary. ”"
"The Church of England is run by    academics and elites who are scared of patriotism and failing to protect the family, a bishop has said. [Philip North, Anglican Bishop of Burnley, said the church would not be surprised by Brexit if it had listened to the concerns of those who feel “frozen out”. Instead, it has become “so discon nected from many of these communities that it no longer hears what they are saying, let alone amplifies their voices to the nation. ”  In an outspoken attack on his church, the bishop said that during the past few decades, the Church of England’s agenda had been set “not by the poor, but by academia, the moneyed elites, and certain sections of the secular media. ” “We then listen to the poor on condition that what they say backs up our own   argu ments,” he said. “They have become for us an illustration, or a theological idea  —   anything other than people. ” Writing for the Church Times, Bishop North added that instead of listening to what the poor want, the church has obsessed over gay rights, and “all too often,   clergy squirm nervously during Remem brance Sunday, and excise any hymns that hint of nationalism. ” He also accused the church of failing to stand up for family values, writing: “Across many communities, ex  tended family life remains very strong. “For all its frustrations, it is where most people find support,   and purpose. But too many Anglicans seem embarrassed to stand up for the sanctity of the family. ” Many Brexit voters, the bishop added, did not choose to leave the European Union due to racism or intolerance, but because they wanted to take back control over their country. “It was less an   vote than a patriotic vote from people who were fed up with having pride in their nation, its flag and its armed forces misrepresented as intolerance or racism,” he said. In the run up to the Brexit referendum, the Church of England was accused of publishing a “  prayer” to help worshippers decide how to vote. Although billed as being neutral, the prayer was criticised for asking that worshippers “work with all the peoples of Europe” for the “common good”. One lay preacher said: “I’m sure ‘and that with all the peoples of Europe  …    ’ reflects an aspiration valid in or out of the EU, but I think prayer as it stands is VERY open to honest misunderstanding as being pro remain, and vulnerable to hostile spin by leave”."
"The House of Commons is set for a showdown this evening, as the government has forced a vote indicating that Parliament supports the invoking of Article 50 by the end of March. [The vote effectively forces the hands of Europhiles who have hinted they could rebel against invoking Article 50, against the wishes of the British people.  The vote has come about because Labour tabled a motion to the Commons, calling on the prime minister, Theresa May, to publish the government’s Brexit plans before negotiations formally get underway. As many as 40 Europhile Conservative MPs were set to support the Labour motion, including former employment minister Anna Soubry who said the motion “transcended party politics”. May responded by adding an amendment to the motion, indicating that the “House will respect the wishes of the UK” and “invoke Article 50” by the end of March 2017. The amendment is   and, crucially, does not actually invoke Article 50, so will have no bearing on the Supreme Court case currently being fought over whether the government has to put the decision to invoke Article 50 to a vote in Parliament. However, it is politically expedient as it forces MPs to reveal their position on Article 50. By the end of the day, there will be a list of MPs prepared to say they will not honour the results of June’s referendum. The Liberal Democrats have already confirmed that their eight MPs will be voting against the amendment. Their leader Tim Farron said: “We cannot support a parliamentary stitch up that would deny the people a vote on the final deal. “An amended motion would fail to include any meaningful commitment from the Conservative Brexit government to produce the equivalent of a White or Green Paper setting out its position on such fundamental questions as to whether it wants Britain to remain in the Single Market. ” The full wording of Labour’s motion in the Commons reads: “That this House recognises that leaving the EU is the defining issue facing the UK believes that there should be a full and transparent debate on the Government’s plan for leaving the EU and calls on the Prime Minister to ensure that this House is able properly to scrutinise that plan for leaving the EU before Article 50 is invoked and believes that the process should should be undertaken in such a way that respects the decision of the people when they voted to leave the EU on 23 June and does not undermine the negotiating position of the Government as negotiations are entered into which will take place after Article 50 has been triggered. ” To which the government added the following amendment: “To end, add: “consistently with the principles agreed unanimously by this House on 12 October expects that this House will respect the wishes of the UK as expressed in the referendum on 23 June and further calls on the Government to invoke Article 50 by 31 March 2017. ”"
